Dan: I'll tell you guys, maybe a funny story about Neil and I, when I was in techstars.
Dan: So I don't know if you guys have this rule where you have to get a T-shirt
Dan: to make a T-shirt for your company during texts. For the first couple of weeks.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We don't have that rule anymore. But yes, we.
Dan: Oh, really. So we had this. We had this rule where everyone had to have a T-shirts.
Dan: Like the first couple of weeks. Maybe there was like a requirement to start and text ours.
Dan: We finish techstars.
Dan: and we still didn't get a T-shirt for 3 years like it took us. I think it was literally 3 years later. We're like 120 people in that point where it's probably some T-shirts with Logos on it, because we had no swag period first 3 years, and then Neil was always asking, Where's your T-shirt? There's a every company would have T-shirts. No, in person. At that point they were coming to their T-shirts. We just didn't have anything
Dan: because we didn't think it was critical that point in time.
Dan: Oh, sorry, Neil, I could get you one if you want.
Dan: maybe, Chloe, if you don't mind just pinging, Diane, she'll send in the old one.
Dan: I'm probably gonna forget.
Dan: But yes, 3 years later we got finally got teachers and swag because we, it turns out having swag does not sell
Dan: to people, and your customers don't care if you have swag or not.
Dan: And I think it's important to remember things that matter to customers and to your business.
Dan: It's a nice to have, I think swag is cool, and now we have really nice swag. We pay like
Dan: $100 for T-shirts sometimes, but at that point in time didn't, was not critical for design swag.
Dan: And so I think really, it's important to remember
Dan: what is truly critical, what is not critical.
Dan: There's a lot of things are nice to have.
Dan: but you get a lot of advice from a lot of people. It just doesn't matter.
Dan: And so I think
Dan: the first I'll tell you before we get started is
Dan: the most difficult part for you guys as founders is this.
Dan: who do you listen to? And certain advice for certain advice. And when
Dan: so, a lot of people, a lot of investors, other founders the reason they've gotten this far lives are very confident. They speak very confidently
Dan: a lot of times. They don't know what they're talking about, but they, the sphere close goes in different directions. So, for example.
Dan: if you have a question about marketing to me. I'll probably pretty good at that.
Dan: Do you have a question about engineering?
Dan: I don't know anything about engineering. They're little.
Dan: but I'm still probably gonna answer just because I got like answering questions.
Dan: and you might misunderstand it. And so you should always say, like, Who's the person you go for what topic?
Dan: Because many, many people will give answers for topics they have no idea about.
Dan: and they may drive their own directions, always ask like, is this the right person for this topic or not?
Dan: That is biggest. One of the biggest lessons I've had from this career is that
Dan: I've taken advice from topics that from people that didn't really know that topic at all.
Dan: But they spoke very confidently, and they might have been a billionaire or a hundred millionaire. And then they're all.
Dan: And I did that and been working. And they're like, Oh, I've never actually done that. I had team people doing that.
Dan: and so be careful that
Dan: the second part, a question for you, were you on system.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Dan. Sorry I wanted to ask you something about that. When did you realize that that was happening? Because I I feel the exact same way, and people get pissed off because I tell them how much I don't know when they ask me questions. But like, when did you actually learn that lesson, maybe in in a way that like stuck with you.
Dan: When I have hired basically. So like, I would give these advisor mentors. And they were like world experts in something. And I would hire them paying a lot of money and spend $100,000, and they brought no value.
Dan: Right? And you're like, how do you person who's literally a world expert like, literally like
Dan: celebrity status and product design product engineering, whatever that topic is.
Dan: And after them you pay them half a million dollars. You get nothing.
Dan: And you're like, Whoa, was that
Dan: and we're actually one of the ones that didn't spend that much comparally to other people. So
Dan: that was a really home-hitting device advice.
Dan: And then the second part is also.
Dan: as you get introduced to more and more smart people.
Dan: One of the things I really started doing is
Dan: trying to do 2 things. One is just look at their background, really like value at who they are more than anything else, like what they've accomplished with. They are looked at Linkedin background. So it's not just like, Oh, I sold the come for 100 billion like, what was your role in my company before you sold it. If you're an investor, were you ever an operator?
Dan: and so that's number one. Number 2 is also.
Dan: when you have a couple smart people get in the room and ask a topic at 11 debate.
Dan: And when you have those people debate with each other, you start seeing wait who actually makes more logical sense.
Dan: It actually helps you kind of get dots oftentimes, historically, before, when you have like 4 people in the room, and I'll present they will nip.
Dan: but they pick different things that I didn't understand. But now, instead, I'd say, Okay, here's a topic.
Dan: Once you, I'll go one at a time across the room, and you guys will answer that question, and
Dan: I will then
Dan: see the differences and then ask him where the differences are and watching them debate with each other and realizing the nuances makes you realize, like, wait, this person's incredible at.
Dan: let's say, fundraising, but only from venture capital. But this person incredible fundraising from private equity.
Dan: That's a very different nuance. Actually, it sounds silly. There's this person incredible fundraising from debt, from banks.
Dan: It sounds like a small thing. We always think fundraising. You're good or bad at it. But those are different fundraising types, right? And actually, incredibly different skills.
Dan: even though it sounds like fundraising. It's a very broad term, and you could do the same thing with every topic you can think about
Dan: and marketing. There's like 50 different things around marketing that they're they're different skill sets completely. And there's different levels of sophistication.
Dan: does that help clarify?
Dan: I know this is way off topic of
Dan: girl hiking. But I wanted to make sure that you guys look at that and understand it, because
Dan: I will say some things and some things. I'm
Dan: probably 10 out of 10 something, but probably a 6 out of 10.
Dan: But I'm speaking very confidently, because I probably had too much coffee, and I wanna make sure that you guys don't
Dan: misinterpret and say like, is this a topic I can trust Dana or not?
Dan: Is this applicable to me or not. And as you speak to other
Dan: founders, investors, presenters always ask like.
Dan: Is this the right topic or not? And is the person I should trust on this topic.
Dan: So that's number one, number 2 before you get started. Are you guys fundraising now? Or where are you guys in your journey of techsters?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Demo days in 2 weeks.
Dan: Nice. How's fundraising? Going? Easy? Medium, hard.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We advise most of them not to start their process until afterwards. Some of them are actively having conversations.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and I don't know if they're having a good or bad time, if it's hard or not. But I'll let them say that maybe tune Day wants to say that.
Tunde IO : Oh, no, but I had a question about what Dan just said about when you cause like, when to know if the person you're speaking to is giving good advice. My experience, especially from techstars. And the mentors, the mentors that we speak to. Similar to what Neil said, is, what if they don't know something that we're like? Yo, I'm not an expert at this, but this is my 2 cents, and so
Tunde IO : the the most people that we've spoken to are like that. But there's some like you said done that kind of just like tram bullshit just because
Tunde IO : they can. They like to speak. So. What I'm trying to. What I think I've passed from what you're saying is that the framework that you use is number one, check the background and number 2, if you can have them debate each other. And I think from the perspective that we come a lot of us on in on this call we might not be able to have that second option where we have
Tunde IO : 2 incredible, incredible people kind of debate each other to determine who is who knows what they're saying? So are there other kind of tips or tricks that you've used historically when you're at our stage
Tunde IO : that would help you pass out. Who? Who knows what they're saying rather than someone that's just like talking.
Dan: I think
Dan: I would make the mentor meetings. I don't know if you guys have already finished or not as
Dan: 0 advice from them. And you learning about them.
Dan: So if you meet 20 mentors, I would say, Okay, I'm going to assume that 3 of those be super helpful, and 17 are going to be neutral or negative
Dan: toward the value for us, for me. So I'm going to spend time and understand who they are. And so an example.
Dan: someone said, Okay, Ipo, at a company, I'm a founder of Ipo company. That's amazing.
Dan: What was your role there? Okay, I was a CTO. Okay, were you involved in fundraising. They're gonna say, of course, what did you do in fundraising? And you keep double clicking until you understand exactly what they did right? Was it? They're the ones that raised money, or was it their maybe the Cpo. Or the CEO, or the Cfo. Who's the one to raise money? Because in every company. The titles at the early stage don't actually matter
Dan: right? And so you don't actually don't know. So you have to find out like, were they around. The person did the job or the ones that did it. Because what happens? There's this like selection bias of everyone that wins.
Dan: You assume they're geniuses, but a lot of people. Honestly, we're just right at place the right time that happens a lot in life.
Dan: And so you asking a question of like, Okay, what did you do?
Dan: Oh, can you tell me how you started? Can you tell me how you did it? And you keep going deeper and deeper, deeper.
Dan: and you'll quickly realize, like, were they just there or not? And I think that really helps you understand it. And if they were just there.
Dan: you kind of put them aside and say, Okay, great. And if they were the ones that did it, then you dive into that topic.
Dan: I will say that I think most of these people
Dan: have incredible insight. You just got to figure out on what topic
Dan: and named themselves probably don't have self-awareness to realize, like, I'm an incredible designer. Maybe I'm not so good at marketing.
Dan: but I like talking about marketing because it's cool.
Dan: And so you have to go deeper on it. Realize maybe marketing is not their skill set, but design is. And how do you then pivot to design and start double clicking, and out with them.
Dan: Will I help Clarks?
Tunde IO : It does. Yeah, thanks. Dad.
Dan: Yep.
Dan: any other questions.
Dan: But I'll tell you guys this, I mean, I think the part that's incredibly important. I need you guys go through fundraising texts. And it's hard and stuff's hard, right? And what you guys are doing is incredibly rare.
Dan: The part that you have to prepared for is a lot of rejection.
Dan: and the reduction hurts.
Dan: But the way I viewed it, and it's very true, and more and more times past more realize that
Dan: you guys are actually the
Dan: the unique talent
Dan: meaning like, you guys, are the limiting factor of so limiting factor of innovation.
Dan: There is a lot of money people in the world.
Dan: There's more money in the world to be given out.
Dan: but they don't have place to give out.
Dan: So
Dan: as you have 100. 150. So 50 people tell you. No, no, no. And you think, oh, they went to Harvard. And they, you know, they run a million 1 billion dollar fund
Dan: doesn't actually matter
Dan: right?
Dan: So these speakers, people
Dan: number one is, I would always say, if they've never operated a company, and they're purely money people
Dan: already. I would kind of not take them as seriously, and I wouldn't be offended by their opinions. But Number 2, even if they have
Dan: again, they've now pivoted to a different world of investment. And, like, you guys, are really the talent
Dan: like, there is not enough entrepreneurs in the world
Dan: for the monetization needs to happen.
Dan: And so
Dan: I mean techstars and other orgs like creating immense value by making giving you guys opportunities shine. And I think that you have to remember that, like, you guys, are literally the unique people, not them.
Dan: And so don't let opinions, their opinions, you know, impact you
Dan: the way. View the world
Dan: cool.
Dan: Alright. Let's get started on
Dan: growth hacking.
Dan: I'll share my screen again and then feel free. Jump in.
Dan: and then any point in time
Dan: ask questions. My slides are very basic. You guys probably know 99% of the stuff. So really, goal goal goal of this is just to get you guys to start thinking and asking questions.
Dan: So
Dan: had this.
Dan: can you guys see my screen?
Dan: Yep.
Dan: I'll just.
Andy iphone: Yes, ma'am.
Dan: I'm sorry.
Dan: Alright. So who am I?
Dan: Right?
Dan: I graduate. Tech starts 2020, April 2020. This is the covid year. So we did half tech stars in person, half online. Actually.
Dan: So that was interesting.
Dan: Started this coat, this company with 2, my co-founders.
Dan: And prior to starting this I had 0, literally 0 marketing experience, like, I didn't know anything at all.
Dan: And I grew up revenue to 2.7 million in 37 months.
Dan: 2.7 million a month, so not a year, a month.
Dan: and
Dan: 100 DK. Of revenue with 0 marketing budget
Dan: a month again.
Dan: Right?
Dan: And so
Dan: what I'm trying to get to guys in the end marketing
Dan: isn't that brain surgery?
Dan: It's not sunny rocks into space.
Dan: It's a very solvable problem.
Dan: You just need to figure out how to solve it.
Dan: And if you guys are here, every one of you guys can do it.
Dan: Any questions on this slide.
Dan: cool.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yes, I do. Hi, Dan.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: How did you? How do you do that
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: organic growth with the the 2 points that I mean the 150 monthly revenue with 0 marketing budget.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: How do you do that?
Dan: Sure. I don't know who's speaking, but that's fine. Basically it was 3. It was 3 for me. It was 3 things
Dan: take Grant to us 5 years ago.
Dan: So the way we start his company
Dan: is my co-founder, Alex. He was a CTO. To different company before they they sold.
Dan: and he told me, have this cool idea
Dan: to start a company in a healthcare space.
Dan: Do you know anything about
Dan: confuse, glucose monitors? And I said, Yeah, I know a lot. I know a lot about them, because my sister's type one diabetic.
Dan: I've also worked with healthcare consulting.
Dan: And so I told them. But I think it's a stupid idea. Let's do a little rock paper scissors with a different idea I have.
Dan: and the Hr. Space. So we rock paper scissors.
Dan: He won.
Dan: So we decided to do. His idea first is not my idea. This is his idea.
Dan: And so you guys said, Cool.
Dan: what's the next step, I said, I guess I'll quit my job so I couldn't my job.
Dan: and
Dan: it hit me when I realized, what are we doing now? And he said, Well, do you want to build or sell?
Dan: And asked them would build what that software? I do not know how to write software. So finance and finance got background. So you said, you gotta sell and sell sell what
Dan: he's like, a product like, what's our product? He's like what doesn't exist yet.
Dan: So
Dan: I don't know how to sell.
Dan: I don't know what a product doesn't exist yet. What am I doing
Dan: first? I took a good deep breath and walked around the street thinking, Wow, the fuck that I quit my job because I got paid really? Well before this.
Dan: And then I said, Okay, let's go try this out.
Dan: And my first tab is actually go to Google and say how to market on an Internet
Dan: and
Dan: download a bunch of resources
Dan: and a bunch of things and to start to combine a big excel file of all the ways to market Internet, Google ads, Facebook ads.
Dan: Instagram, Youtube, Tiktok Twitter.
Dan: Seo sales.
Dan: and I just put a list of all it together.
Dan: And I probably had, like 200 items of ways to market an Internet.
Dan: And
Dan: I was overwhelmed. I had no idea how to do it.
Dan: So I went back to my co-founder, said, Okay, cool. I'm going to start to learn how to market.
Dan: What's my budget?
Dan: And his answer was 0,
Dan: and a second moment of panic set in thinking like, what the hell is? This doesn't make any sense.
Dan: But in some ways that
Dan: fear actually helped me, because it helped me eliminate us. 200 items to like 6,
Dan: because almost all those channels required cash, and only 6 required nothing.
Dan: So now I only have 6 channels to play around with on my list.
Dan: And that really helped me narrow in and focus, because focus is really a theme of success. A lot of times we get too broad, and we get overwhelmed that we can't really get good if we're only if we're doing everything.
Dan: So I thought it basically was 6 channels.
Dan: I started doing them and 3 out of 6 worked.
Dan: And I'll tell you guys, those worked, 3 or 6 worked. And then I scale those. So 3 channels to work for me.
Dan: there were Facebook groups.
Dan: They were
Dan: being a guest
Dan: on podcasts
Dan: and number 3 it was working with at that point. Instagram influencers. Those are my 3 channels that work for me effectively.
Dan: Do you want to
Dan: do you want me to double? Click any of those.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yes, please. By the way, I'm Antonio, with aware thanks for your feedback over email last night. So this, this is extremely helpful. This we relate a lot to to what you what you're doing. And if, yeah, if you can double down on those would be help helpful. Thank you.
Dan: Yeah. So I mentioned 3 channels, Facebook groups Guest as podcast and I also mentioned Instagram influencers.
Dan: So Facebook group.
Dan: I basically went and just jumped in like
Dan: 50 to a hundred Facebook groups
Dan: and tried to understand what people are talking about in our space. So our space was
Dan: Vegan diets. Member nutrition app. So Vegan diets, keto diets, carbon, cycling, weight loss, fat management, peloton.
Dan: fitbit or ring.
Dan: And
Dan: first, I try to
Dan: just message people hey, buy this sign up for this! And people were just, I guess, kicked out of the group couple of times.
Dan: Then I got a little bit more elaborate. And I created 8 user accounts.
Dan: an old white guy.
Dan: a young Asian woman, just
Dan: different ethnic backgrounds
Dan: sexes, races, no grab everything. And then I started interacting myself, meaning.
Dan: Hey, has anybody ever heard of this company called Nutris? Sense
Dan: me responding, that's super interesting. No. What do they do? Another person
Dan: I actually did hear about them with podcasts.
Dan: Oh, hearing, though someone else. I listen to this, podcast. We, this person was to get us done, you just check it out.
Dan: And I, basically all of a sudden was interacting with myself.
Dan: And sooner or later 2 people were like, this is interesting.
Dan: Has anybody ever tried the product.
Dan: And how 2 people say, yeah, I try to loved it.
Dan: Third person. Say, I'm thinking about it. I haven't tried it yet. I'm really gonna fence convince me.
Dan: So I'm basically just interacting myself trying to get engagement
Dan: with 8 different people, literally 8 people of me.
Dan: And then 1, 2, 3 people bite
Dan: and then
Dan: convince them to
Dan: go to. Then a chat
Dan: Instagram, Facebook chats. I don't know if you guys messenger, because again, our product is $250 a month.
Dan: Right? Okay, that's like you send it, or could consumer. And I gum.
Dan: we're not.
Dan: you know, an app. That's 1020 bucks a month. We're like $250 a month
Dan: for pride doesn't exist.
Dan: And our website's a landing page that says, Put your credit card here.
Dan: right?
Dan: And so you have to do a little bit more of convincing. So then I'm moving them to Facebook chat. We're chatting.
Dan: I'm converting some people from there. There's so many people are giving their credit cards over chat.
Dan: So I'm getting my cell phone right? So that
Dan: his first one.
Dan: I don't know if it's gonna work now or not, but
Dan: I assume it still could work.
Dan: If you're smart about it, you just gotta the key is really find the right people, the right groups. Number one's right groups. It's always it's a sick funnel, right? The right groups.
Dan: Then their interactions, then engagement. And you're kind of moving people in the funnel of. They never heard about you. So they heard about you, but they think they don't need to have the service to. They're interested to. And you're gonna go from 100 people to 10 to 5 to 3 and then reconvert.
Dan: So that was the first one
Dan: the next one was around.
Dan: Being a guest on podcasts.
Dan: you know. Everyone always says it's funny. One of the mentors, Matt Marsh Band's mentors, told us. You know your product really work? Well, I'm like, where and he's like
Dan: Joe Rogan, podcast. You should go be a guest.
Dan: And I told the guy, do you know, Jerome, he said. No.
Dan: and I just laughed because I said, this is incredible. Voice, man, I never thought about that.
Dan: Hopefully, you guys don't be sarcastic as those incredibly terrible advice
Dan: to go be a podcast guest on jargon. But
Dan: what I looked at podcast is a popularity contest.
Dan: it's actually the same game with, if you take it back, step back.
Dan: venture capital firms, podcast celebrities, high school popularity contests, the same exact dynamic.
Dan: What you do is
Dan: you pick your niche. Our niche was healthcare, health and wellness medicine.
Dan: And you basically export a list of all the podcasts there.
Dan: And
Dan: I basically had a listen was like 700 podcasts from most famous ones. Like most most famous Peter Tia, Andrew Huberman, to least famous ones for like nobody's ever heard of.
Dan: And I start reaching out to like number 700,
Dan: 700 to, I think, 6, 86, 90, and the worst 10.
Dan: And say, I'd love to go in your pockus, because ABC,
Dan: out of those couple said, yes, I did the podcast
Dan: and we got something. Somebody got no sales, and we got one or 2 sales right.
Dan: but now I have content that I can use.
Dan: and not only do I have content to show other people. Now
Dan: I also now can ask those Podcasters. Do you know anyone who has a podcast in this area? And it turns out, podcasts are friends of other podcasters.
Dan: big surprise Jessica engineers are friends of engineers, just like investors, friends of other investors. Same thing. Same concept. So then, the 6 90 Guy introduced me to 6 50
Dan: Podcaster same thing did the 6 50. That's that person I knew a 600 Podcaster, and it kept moving up, moving up, moving up to the point. I think we have to like number 4, number 3 in the world, or for our sphere. Right? And you just keep going down. This is the exact same concept for everything. Venture capital firms. You see the same thing.
Dan: When you do venture capital firms, you put them in tiers, tier one through 3 or one through 5, and you start the bottom.
Dan: You don't want to go through top of first, because if you do some silly, you burn that relationship.
Dan: but if you start the bottom they wanted. They're a little bit more open. They're helpful. There are more shots of goal, and you work your way, and you also get better over time, too, because
Dan: if you do get lucky and you get on Joe Rogan.
Dan: And then you can say, some circuits never done a podcast you really burn that relationship.
Dan: And so you gotta be to make sure you're ready as well. You need exposure and experience.
Chloe Lannert: Dan, quick question of the chat. When you said you got one or 2 sales on the podcast. Early on, were you selling a product or a wait list.
Dan: At this point is a waiting list.
Dan: Yeah, people end up prepaying for about we for us, prior to ever having product exist.
Dan: So $250 a month for direct consumer product.
Dan: That one page which is, give me a credit card.
Chloe Lannert: That's awesome.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: And how long, how long was that time
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: like? How long was the wait list?
Dan: it didn't. It was.
Dan: I mean, when I say we did again. 0 to one.
Dan: Yeah. We told them we're gonna launch in like 2 weeks. We didn't launch for a month and a half 2 months like Prag. So there's 2 parts. First of all, product didn't exist. We want to build something before we knew people wanted it.
Dan: But the second part is, it was also technologically impossible at that point in time.
Dan: for 2 reasons.
Dan: you had the device we were is talking his Lucas monitor
Dan: before you'd scan with your iphone.
Dan: Apple did not have the did not give the ability to company scan things
Dan: with a phone besides apple pay.
Dan: or Abbott's company called Abbot, the one we're using the sensor from. So we didn't have permission.
Dan: So we knew. So it was like September nineteenth was when official was going to be released.
Dan: that you can now scan things with your phone through Nfc. And your chipping up chipping phones. So until then it was both physically impossible, and we didn't actually build app.
Dan: So even if we built, the app wouldn't be possible.
Dan: We decided to launch a little bit earlier. So we actually
Dan: forced our members to download, test flight
Dan: to then download our app, because then you get like a head start for a couple of weeks.
Dan: and that was also interesting.
Dan: does that answer your question?
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yes, and for how long was that? Wait, Lisa, that you said 2, 3 months. Until then you actually had a product
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: to sell.
Dan: Yeah, yeah, I mean, so the goal
Dan: I mean the timing is a little fuzzy. Now it's been some. It's been a 5 years
Dan: maybe a month month and a half, too. It was more of.
Dan: We knew we had a certain date by when we can launch so until that date and nothing mattered.
Dan: We like we couldn't
Dan: get them to. The product. Wouldn't work period right technologically.
Dan: But the other part is.
Dan: we knew some people were going to cancel.
Dan: and we didn't care.
Dan: and it was much easier. Say, sorry! We'll give you your money back.
Dan: And so there was a month and a half 2 months timeframe, where basically, the product didn't exist. And we're just waiting.
Dan: And we give people refunds that they ask for them.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Gotcha. And and the reason why I'm asking done is because we we're thinking of launching the wait list. Vip wait list a demo day, and then maybe 3 se. 3 months later, do the actual commitment for the crowd funding, and 6 months from now provide the product.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: And I don't want to make it to lose momentum. That's why I'm asking about the timeline.
Dan: Yeah. Well, this one, I this one. I'll I'll be frank, and I think there's different approaches here.
Dan: The console wait list
Dan: is little
Dan: different than what we did. So our biggest competitor, that point in time actually did a wait list.
Dan: But they were list wasn't really real. Wait list. They just they. They did it as a tactic to generate demand. Say, look, you're on wait lists waiting for you, but they're really giving it to anyone who really asked for it.
Dan: Well, we didn't. What we did. It wasn't a wait list was a prepayment. Wait, Alyssa, basically give us your email. We'll send. We'll let you know when you're ready when we're ready for you.
Dan: That's a very popular tech tactic that why, company that a lot of tech starts company do just as like a standard basis like let's create, wait lists to generate demand. So when people are like waiting, they're excited when you launch and you officially announce it, and you could number one. Number 2 could also sell to your investors. Look, I have a 10,000 person. Wait, list. Imagine 5 million dollars. I'll launch this. And then such a sales tactic or marketing tactic rather than what we did. We didn't think I can have a wait list. It was a prepayment. That's a little nuanced difference. Does that make a sense? What I described here.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yes, but actually, our pre lease is a presale, like we're we are asking them to give us $50, and then in September to add $200 to to commit to the device. So you get a spot for $50, and in September you add $200.
Dan: Okay, so that's interesting.
Dan: Why?
Dan: okay, that sounds that sounds harder, because asking people to twice
Dan: sounds much harder, because sometimes they change their mind later, or they forget you exist or.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, we want, we wanna first start, you know. test the ground to see if people are actually, this is so new, you know, like. And and so we wanna test the ground to see if people are actually interested. And since we don't have a product yet, we have a prototype that works really well in an app.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: But we wanna make sure that what we're building is actually makes sense
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: upfront. You know, the pitch makes sense to them.
Dan: Yeah, I
Dan: I don't know how to answer, because we didn't. I've seen the 2 different approach. I've I've seen one before, but I don't know how it works. Well, I work how well it works. I've seen the one where it's prepaid, old thing, or it's purely weightless. I've never seen the kind of the mixed combo.
Dan: I don't know what the I wouldn't be the right person to answer that question for you, because I just don't know the best approach I do know. Making it twice. Sales is hard, because.
Dan: like you're have, you have to convince them twice to the same thing.
Dan: and that's very difficult.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Gotcha.
Dan: So I don't answer that I'm sorry.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: No problem. I hear you.
Dan: But again, if you take a step back here, it looks like you're further ahead than we were when we have Pre. When we have full prepayments
Dan: because we had no app. We had nothing.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: okay.
Dan: Just something to consider, like.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Go go full throttle go full throttle as $200 right.
Dan: Yeah, I I mean, I'm just saying it's it's feasible, right? You're not gonna get a lot of people convert. But you don't need that many, how many? $200. The nice thing about a high end subscriptions
Dan: is you don't need that many.
Dan: If you're charging 5 bucks a month to meet a lot of people to matter. If you have.
Dan: If it's 250 bucks, you can get
Dan: 40 people signed up
Dan: right, and you're already in tens of thousands of dollars in revenue.
Dan: That's and.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: And email.
Dan: We're doing millions a month, and we don't have that. Many customers honestly.
Dan: So I mean, it's like, like some. Tesla is so nice. Right? There's some 100,000 our cars. You don't need to sell that many
Dan: yeah.
Alejandra Guillen: S. Sorry, Dan, this is Alejandra, Antonius? Business partner, do you think that the fact that we have like 6 months
Alejandra Guillen: to deliver on the product itself is is is gonna be too long like, what? What's your thought on the timeline.
Dan: I think you should always ship
Dan: with the concept of being comfortable, of giving people refunds.
Dan: Again, we have people prepay about 20% people.
Dan: Just we're like, dude. What the hell man! What did I pay for you? My money back. We're like, sure. Here's a refund. Apologize.
Dan: Then we sent a device once we did launch.
Dan: because when we released a day it was possible, right? Because that's when Apple allow. I think it was Ios 13 or 14 was the first version was live scanning
Dan: we ship with people
Dan: we actually didn't realize there was. Gonna be night mode. There's no night mode where it's like
Dan: from like 10 pm. Till in the morning your phone changes color and iphone where it's like. So there's no blue, no blue light, I think a red light, whatever it is. Here's what I'm talking about.
Dan: So
Dan: we didn't know that was going to be a feature
Dan: currently, we're too busy to actually read the the actual update besides Nmc section.
Dan: And so our app was black screen
Dan: every day from 10 Pm. Till in the morning. This purely Brex black screen for the first month. So you're paying me $250 a month, and our app only works 2 thirds of the time.
Dan: and our our entire premise of the company is real time, glucose, monitoring, 24, 7. That's our entire company business. That's what we tell people. Because historic people could figure Perk themselves anytime here. We're saying real time, even when you sleep, you know.
Dan: because you can wake up, and you see all you do from sleep, and all of a sudden you can't even open the app for that time.
Dan: So when I say ship when you're embarrassed, really, ship, when you're embarrassed
Dan: like you could always give money back.
Dan: Remember this.
Dan: there's what 370 million or 360 million Americans.
Dan: if you piss off a thousand Americans
Dan: because your product sucks.
Dan: But you learn that quickly.
Dan: It's incredible.
Dan: You want the whole goal here, so know that.
Dan: with a few exceptions, that there's always a someone who's incredibly like smart or lucky, whatever it is. There's always like one of a hundred, just like the product just works day one. The geniuses.
Dan: But I'm not one of those. I fall into 99% category where I have to reiterate my product. And what I thought was me. The right thing is not the right thing, but I need to learn as quickly as possible.
Dan: I mean, I'll give you guys context.
Dan: we launched this company
Dan: with a target market of Neil and me, basically
Dan: 22 to 30 year old
Dan: Teg Bros in Silicon valley that was our target market. We launched.
Dan: Within 2 weeks we realized our target market was women over 40 who are menopause will live Minnesota.
Dan: That is a very different target market.
Dan: very different
Dan: like. And the reason we started killing to all our competitors because they actually built a wait list. They waited blah blah.
Dan: And we realize, like, are these wind over 40 a lot of times
Dan: they want
Dan: someone to talk to. They want a
Dan: dietician. They want more expertise versus people like me and Neil. I don't. I didn't, Neil jump it off.
Dan: Neil never was. He also signed up. He never gave me like.
NSG: So the work.
Dan: Oh, you're still, and you didn't ask questions. How do you know this? I read, watch, Peter Ti read all these blogs, so Neil already knew all the stuff like
Dan: he was not our target customer.
Dan: right? But it took because we released such a crappy version, and we saw really quickly, like it was like 10 people or 12 people signed up and we saw quickly. They're like
Dan: all the tech Bros.
Dan: Which is I I don't mean in a positive like, not a negative
NSG: I'll be. I'll be your tech program. It's a good one.
Dan: The tech pros they used it for like 2, 3 weeks, and they like lost engagement, or like just cancel after a month.
Dan: And all these. Middle-aged
Dan: Minnesota moms.
Dan: we're on there like saying, Can I pay for a year?
Dan: And I was like, Wait, what the hell are you talking? I was not for you.
Dan: and
Dan: all our competitors spend hours about building a product, redeveloping hire engineers, making this perfect, amazing product. And to this day their user experience. Still better at ours. Irony about this.
Dan: I should show you guys a slide also for someone else, which I think is kind of funny, maybe a different day, but the product was way better than ours
Dan: way. Better. They still have better products than us.
Dan: but they just were markings that are on the people.
Dan: and I always say.
Dan: no matter how much you love dogs.
Dan: If I'm selling you cat food.
Dan: you don't care a shit about cat food. You're not gonna buy a cat food, no matter how good of sales. Guy, I am, no matter how much you need. You know you like you don't care about. You don't need cat food and same thing in here.
Dan: If I'm pitching tech Bros, and they don't care about this it. This simply doesn't matter. You have to understand who you're, and so by going faster, you get to read, array faster
Dan: the first like 2, 3 years. It's all about reiteration loops. How quickly can you get
Dan: to reiterate faster and adjust?
Dan: That's really what you want, because you, a lot of it, is just guesswork. I think they want this. I've talked to customers, online
Dan: interviews, surveys. It's all nice, doesn't really matter. What really matters is
Dan: how quickly you can get people to actually show with their wallets
Dan: because you could have a hundred. Your friends telling you all love this, even people saying like I would definitely sign up.
Dan: please say, put your credit card here, and they go. You know what? Never mind.
Dan: And so you really find out who your customers are, really quickly, when they have to actually put their money in.
Dan: and I had a question from Vincento Vincent, otherwise Vincento Vincent.
Vincent Lucero: Love it. So, Dan, these are like super great insights. They're also like B to be focused like more consumer. You actually have a finance background and double prime is actually building a more inclusive and explainable AI underwriting solution and providing debt capital. So
Vincent Lucero: I'm curious to kind of get your perspective on, like B, 2 B partnerships for distribution. Like, have you spent time thinking about like how you can, partner? I guess, to like, get referral volume, or to drive, you know, the warm intros necessary to sell into banks, credit unions, fintex, etc.
Dan: Me. Specifically.
Dan: I have.
Vincent Lucero: Or just in general, yeah, go ahead.
Dan: Them.
Dan: I have not done that in the B 2 B. Fintech space.
Dan: I do know a lot of people do it. That's one of one of those channels.
Dan: but I have not done that. Unfortunately.
Vincent Lucero: Okay, okay, sounds good. Do you mind if I follow up with you afterwards? Kind of chat about your experience in in finance.
Dan: Sure. Yeah. Happy to
Dan: Yup, I think, Jeremy, you have a question here.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, a few questions in the chat about how you were able to engage with Instagram influencers with no budget.
Jeremy Banning: The third point. Third point, you're gonna conclude on Yup.
Dan: That's funny. I was on my to do, but we never even got to it. But I'm by the way, this is the value this. You should be asking these questions because I think
Dan: we're selling for slack. There's I mean, 25 more. But
Dan: think we don't need to even go in all those
Dan: so dog behind running around. Let me know if it's too loud, guys. Sorry.
Jeremy Banning: You're good, but.
Dan: Regard to influence. I basically just DM, them
Dan: same exact approach. I start off with really unpopular ones, where, like, they only have 5,000 followers.
Dan: And then work my way up t010-20-5060, just what 5,000 influencer followers
Dan: they're more willing to talk to you.
Dan: And the funny, same exact approach.
Dan: You post with them. And then you say, do you have any friends or I? And you actually can super easy. You literally look at who follows them. If you click on the link, Instagram, you looked up. Who follows you?
Dan: It'll actually prioritize most famous people to least. So if you see, like this person has 5,000 followers, but you click on top 3, and they're like they both feel 20,000. You say
Dan: I saw you connect to these for people. Can you introduce me.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Dan, what was your ask? Sorry.
Dan: For which people.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: What for the influencers when you DM, them? What was the goal.
Dan: The first one or the connection little step forward.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Oh, no! The first one. So you you reach out to the first influence of what did you want them to do for you?
Dan: I want them to post saying that Nutris sense has the Cgm device and that they should sign up to improve their Google control.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: And no, no monetary offer in return, or anything.
Dan: Yes, monetary in return. But I had no cash, remember right?
Dan: And so belief system is that
Dan: when you're starting a company, and again, you're pitching investors all that stuff
Dan: you can't, people say, Oh, show me a scalable channel.
Dan: How can you show me? How can I show you scalable channel if I've never tested channels.
Dan: or how can I show you scalable channel if I don't have money to go test a million channels, a lot of money, so it's just like Catch 22
Dan: to scale. I need money. But to get money I need to show scalable channels. How does that work?
Dan: So what you need to do is need to do unscalable things, things that just do not work very well like at scale.
Dan: But they have the ability to become scalable.
Dan: And so you're doing on scalable and demonstrating the vision of what this will become. Scale in the future. Look, investor, so look how great it is.
Dan: and then, once you get the money, you do the scalable version of it. So influencers, for example.
Dan: I DM a thousand of them like 6 respond to me.
Dan: I get a call with 6 of them
Dan: out of those 6, I convinced 2 to work with me
Dan: right? Just basically like a discussion. And I don't have money. So what did I tell them? I'll pay per conversion
Dan: right?
Dan: So
Dan: 2 things happen.
Dan: They're not working for free. Theoretically.
Dan: they convert someone
Dan: that person converts, I get revenue.
Dan: I can actually now
Dan: hire someone with that revenue and by product and all those things, and build what I want to build.
Dan: And then, 3 months later, I paid influencer.
Dan: So I actually didn't like we didn't like we actually had revenue. And we're profitable in theory before we even like got money from techstars to raise money.
Dan: Now we're not the opposite, but back then, like it was kind of ridiculous where, like
Dan: we were paying them post all this time. So we're getting free revenue through. I can pay in cash later, and as your business grows more and more
Dan: now, by the time you have. Only, like 30 influencers, you're again paying them later, you're paying original ones.
Dan: So you can have more cash Pam. And you're floating basically cash. You're almost creating like accounts, receivable bounces for yourself.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Was it? Yeah? Was it a percentage of the sale that they converted? Or was it a fixed.
Dan: I did. Yeah, yeah, I did a fixed amount.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Okay.
Dan: But have. I mean, it depends on your subscription. It doesn't. You could do, by the way, whatever works best for you. It's coming of like you versus them. What can you afford to pay? You have to know that number in your head
Dan: theoretically want to pay as little as possible.
Dan: but still not too little, because if you do too little, you won't be incentivizing them right.
Dan: And again, the irony same thing. Here. I would then go look at influencer, I would say, Hey, can you choose me? These 3 influencers now work the way up again to celebrity influencers over years. It's really this is just really kind of 2 priorities.
Dan: the 3 parts
Dan: meticulous
Dan: tracking of influencers in Excel file or Google sheets, because you have to kind of like track. All these people like where they on a list.
Dan: Assuming that's gonna be like 99% rejection right?
Dan: And then number 2 is
Dan: be very specific.
Dan: What I mean by that is.
Dan: you can't say like, hey can choose me. Some influencers, you have to say, like.
Dan: Introduce me to these 2 people for this topic
Dan: right? And guess what?
Dan: When you get introduced someone and they're literally texting you and email intranie, the response rate goes from like 1% to like 9.9% because their buddy just introduced them. You're not like message them, you know, blankly directing, messaging them right. Their friends use them so all of a sudden
Dan: it just gets so much easier like we got so to some of the most famous people within like 12 months just doing that. It was kind of crazy.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Awesome. Thank you.
Dan: Yeah, it just requires a little bit of like meticulous
Dan: train on it. But it's it's just funny because it's all the podcasts, influencers venture capital firms. They're all actually kind of identical.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: So so, Danny, on on those line. It sounds like, basically as you were converting people
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: really door literally door to door. Then you would just ship the device to them and the test flight app.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and it would start using it. And then, right, yeah, how do you? How do you deal if people wants to return? Because now you're using the money, their money to build your your products. If people want to return this and assume worst case scenar 100 return. Okay, so how do you? How do you deal with that risk?
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: That's you. I mean, you use the money. But then you need to return it. So you're gonna go negative, right? Like, how do you deal with that.
Dan: Yeah, I mean, I guess it's funny.
Dan: So the first time we sold for 10 the first time was only 10 people that Pre signed up
Dan: so not a lot, but a 2 50 piece. It was $2.5,000
Dan: right for that month.
Dan: and
Dan: our customer number 7 that prepaid actually emailed and said, Hey, the package didn't arrive. I'm moving to France.
Dan: Can you give me a refund?
Dan: So what I actually did is I got an airplane and went to France.
Dan: and Hand delivered her the product.
Dan: and then went back to Chicago
Dan: because I did not want to have return for that one specifically
Dan: fast forward. 3 years later we actually have hiring that person. And they're in our Vp of operations. Really impressive person.
Dan: They, I think they were like Olympic swimmer.
Dan: but
Dan: I did not want returns.
Dan: and so it is anything you need to do to get them to. Now return
Dan: as long as you're staying above cogs.
Dan: So if you look at nectar mattress, for example, or any of these mattress companies
Dan: I think they'll answer your question if you look at their websites, I mean, this is here, I'll show you
Dan: and this, they're really the experts on this, and you can just copy. And there's no reason to vent the wheel. Here.
Dan: You guys see my screen.
Chloe Lannert: Yep.
Dan: Yeah. I mean, what do they have? Return here?
Dan: See? Return.
Dan: Yeah. See 365 night home trial.
Dan: You can literally return for any reason. 3 and 65 days. It's kind of insane, right? This is a 12 to $1,500 product. You return for any reason whatsoever.
Dan: Try calling them, and seeing how they how they accept your return.
Dan: They will, by the way, give you a return.
Dan: but they have a script of like 7 ways to get you not to to your turn.
Dan: They'll send you free pillows.
Dan: they will say, how about a 200? Just dollar discount?
Dan: How about we send you like.
Dan: It's it's incredible. I mean, I have to admire them in that regard, and you know they will. I can explain to you over the next 7 h how to do it effectively, or you can just like
Dan: tried live with our agents.
Dan: Just say, like, Hey, everyone, I want to return this and see what happens. And you'll just learn more than anything else about that.
Dan: It's a very solid problem.
Dan: From hundreds of problems you don't have to solve. This is probably one of the easier ones to solve. So encourage you to give them a call or any magic. By the way, I'm not investor, net, nect, or anything.
Dan: But all these metrics companies do this. So just first one pop in my head.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: So it sounds like yours was all organic growth. No Vc. Money. It was like just angel and techstars, and then organic growth and revenues pretty much.
Dan: We had. We had revenue before we got a single dollar of angel and taxes anyone
Dan: we already came to techstars with revenue.
Dan: Yeah, because I think I told you guys like.
Dan: I think my pan, I had a panic set in after clear my job. So it was basically
Dan: kind of fight or flight. I chose, I guess, fights.
Dan: And so within 30 days I realized I need to figure out
Dan: general revenue. So we had what $2.5,000 after 2 weeks.
Dan: Next time we had $8,000 next month. Next month we had $20,000 next time $40,000, and just keep going up and up and up.
Dan: Because I just said, Okay.
Dan: this influencer thing is working interesting. What am I doing wrong? Let me adjust.
Dan: Let me create my update, my file. Great, and I'm also a member. I'm going up on influencer. I'm going to 5,000
Dan: following influenza to 10,000 to 50. So now a sudden want to
Dan: 100,000 and follower influencer posts. I'm no longer getting one sale now. I'm getting 50 sales. I'm getting 100 sales, right? So as you work in your funnel, up and up and up and up, you're getting more and more sales, too. Right? So it's it becomes easier. You end up talking. The exact same amount of people becomes easier.
Dan: Just like, if you talk to. You know, my, podcast you've never heard of, you probably can get one sale.
Dan: But if you call on Joe Rogan, you're probably gonna get like 10 million dollars of sales. The same concept as you move up, it becomes easier and easier.
Dan: That's why you people say, like second, third time founders. They can do away easier, because they already have the connections. They don't have to restart again from scratch.
Dan: Does that help answer your question?
Dan: I actually want to sidetrack here. But yeah, hopefully, that answers someone's question.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Absolutely. Yeah. Thank you. Then, absolutely, thank you.
Dan: Yeah, I'm happy to tell you about our experience, one on one, so I don't. I don't know if it's relevant to everyone here, though, so I don't want people
Dan: to feel distracted.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I will love that, so I'll take it offline. Yeah, Natalie, thank you.
Dan: Nelson, but you had a question.
Nelson Mitchell: I'm curious. If you have any recommendations for how to jump, start getting good at podcasts. Cause, I actually am, not following your advice. And I got an introduced to a pretty popular Podcaster. And I haven't done a podcast before I'm, like, oh, this is a good opportunity.
Nelson Mitchell: I mean, should I tell them to wait, or is there some way I can get smart at this.
Dan: Oh, just do it. You need to do it right away. You can do it right away.
Dan: you should assume.
Dan: Excuse my French.
Dan: You'll probably fuck up.
Nelson Mitchell: What?
Dan: If you go in the mindset that you fuck up the worse that happens, you fuck up.
Dan: and that's it. But what if you do. Okay.
Dan: not great. What if you just do? Okay.
Dan: the upside's too high here and the risk is too low.
Dan: This is one of those bets where you should definitely take right away like that's one of the times I was somewhere like, you get lucky. That's a lucky opportunity, and you just grab those things
Dan: I was not lucky enough to get this opportunity, so I had to grind way up. But if you're getting that, you need to take advantage of that immediately.
Nelson Mitchell: Thanks.
Dan: Yeah, I saw Valerie Valeria has, and I think.
Dan: Marcia, I don't know. I wanna make sure I'm pronounced it correctly.
Dan: Where's
Dan: maybe Chloe? You can kind of decide who goes next.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Muta, go ahead.
Mircea Gogoncea: Cool. I have a question about sort of free channels that take a while to ramp up like SEO and content. So we got all of our users so far as to content free content. But you know, to really do it well. You have to keep at it for a very long time, and it doesn't always work right away. So I've been doing much more of the DM people directly strategy that you talked about before, and that's been working. But when it comes to these channels that take a while to ramp up, how do you prioritize them when you need revenue now to not die.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah.
Dan: It's it's exactly that you prioritize me right now.
Dan: You just put them on back burner
Dan: in either way. I prioritized it as long term channels like SEO.
Dan: I basically looked them as like, I'm going to allocate
Dan: less than 5% of my time on this.
Dan: because but you need to start now, if you don't start at all
Dan: 3 years later, you're gonna get screwed
Dan: because you keep. I see what you keep doing forever.
Dan: But once it comes in, helps a lot, but he's do it for a long, long time.
Dan: So it's really small allocation of time. If you're saying you don't want to die, just maybe do 0.
Dan: But
Dan: in some ways SEO is a luxury. So if you have a lot of money, or you are generating a lot of revenue. If you have a lot of investors that you should maybe say, Okay, I'm gonna pretend 20.
Dan: But if you're at a point where you're like pre-revenue or very little revenue, maybe 0
Dan: around the SEO. Well, if you're talking about, if you're converting content like through Tiktok that you can go right. That is
Dan: proven out that that's almost proven out like the unscalable can become scalable.
Dan: That's a little different, because that doesn't take very long. SEO takes forever. But Tiktok, Youtube, Instagram, content. They can go really, really fast.
Dan: Does that answer your question?
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, absolutely. We've and we haven't tried Tiktok yet. Mostly Instagram is is been what what's successful for us.
Dan: So that one I would keep going because that one is not somewhat like a CEO like, yeah, you post today, you get sale today. Or you're again, you're demonstrating to the investor that this unscalable strategy
Dan: has it potentially become scalable.
Dan: So as I was giving you guys an example of
Dan: influencers.
Dan: messaging a thousand people and getting like 6 people to get in a call with you, and I'm only 2 agreed to work with you
Dan: is really unscalable. It sucks.
Dan: But by doing that and getting sales. And I go to investor, I'm like
Dan: now imagine, and Mr. Investor or misinvestor.
Dan: if I could pay those people 10,000 HA piece. How quickly would they respond to me versus do it for free.
Dan: and that paints a picture of like that is true. If you have, people do this for free. Imagine if we paid them. And, by the way, when you do pay people $10,000, they respond like this to you.
Dan: the response rate goes from, like, you know, 2% or even point 2% to like 95%. It really skyrockets, if you pay enough, and you're treating you to Oprah Brett pits to do an advertisement for you. Right?
Dan: And so that's the scalability of the same thing. Right? Oprah Bratt bitters, influencers. Well, you got to pay him a lot. So that's the scalability part here.
Dan: I'm on doing unscalable work to show. Would this work
Dan: and I'm painting a picture for an investor to look.
Dan: But leave us jump. Give me the money to get it here.
Dan: so help clarify.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, immensely
Mircea Gogoncea: glad to hear it.
Chloe Lannert: Another one out of the chat. What channels did you try that? Didn't work going back to the 6 sales channels you tried.
Dan: What channels I've tried. It didn't work.
Dan: Twitter influencers. I tried for me didn't work.
Dan: They've worked for other people. They didn't work for me.
Dan: Maybe because I didn't actually have Twitter ever before starting his company. I didn't realize that he's supposed to use Twitter. Instagram was a little easier because I've been, you know.
Dan: and avid, probably
Dan: unhealthy user of Instagram over the years.
Dan: And so I just kind of knew the dynamics a little bit more, and Twitter was not very good at it.
Dan: Years later I figure out how to be better at it.
Dan: but I also realize, like generating me, generating $2,000 a month on Twitter is probably not worth my time.
Dan: but at the early stages. If I knew how to do better, I would have done better at it.
Dan: That's one.
Dan: For some reason I couldn't get. I couldn't get Youtube influencers to work for me
Dan: for free, because there's I couldn't figure out how to message them or do you have them? You just like email, them.
Dan: And my copywriting skills were not as good an email at that point in time
Dan: as they were, and then just DM into people.
Dan: Cause then, DM, like you can, you know, on Instagram like I would leave a comment on like a picture, and then send a message and leave another comment, you know, like, kind of that game
Dan: versus email, like, if they literally have really good copy and skills. And you basically get one shot. And you know.
Dan: you can translate it at spam and all sort of stuff
Dan: fast forward. I'm a little better at copy right now, but it's just a little bit different. Skill set right?
Dan: So that's not failed. Does that help clarify? So something like, Go ahead.
Chloe Lannert: Sorry. And the other question was, how quickly did you decide to drop those
Chloe Lannert: and focus in on the the ones that we're working.
Dan: Hmm! Like 3 months, 3 months.
Dan: right? I mean it. And it's more so also, like selection bias here. Right? It's
Dan: I'm trying all these channels because they're all free. This is how right I narrowed down 6 because they're all free. So again, I'm happy that I only got the free channels. Maybe if I had money investment I would have tried other channels, but they maybe they also could work. But I had. I was
Dan: in a point we didn't have money.
Dan: and then I tried all but the same time, and the first ones I clicked the ones I you know, double double clicked on and went forward more and more and more more, and I just kept getting deeper. So maybe if I spend more time on Youtube influencer work better. I think there's
Dan: what's hard to hear is there's some channels simply don't work for your business.
Dan: but they work for mine, and vice versa. Right? That's number one. But the other part is.
Dan: there's also like Marketer Skill channel. So this channel might be amazing for you.
Dan: But you don't have the skills for it right like. I'll give an example.
Dan: I bet
Dan: if I can convince people on the Internet to give me money, because there's people in America that if I knock on doors. They'll also give me money
Dan: right if I just knock on, walk around the streets and just knock people's doors in Middle Minnesota. Someone will give me money.
Dan: but I'm not really good at that, like I don't know how to knock in people's doors. I get kind of nervous.
Dan: and so, but some people are really good at knocking on doors, but they're probably not as good at like as chatting with someone to convince them via chat to give them money right?
Dan: And so
Dan: I, you know, as you guys and probably know, like people sold things in person. We knocked on doors for hundreds of years, thousands of years, probably.
Dan: but I'm not able to do that. So I could have said like, Oh, that's a failed channel. I don't believe that. I think I'm just not the right marketer for that channel. So it's channel sometimes doesn't work. And sometimes the person in that channel doesn't work. And you have to make that clear distinction right?
Chloe Lannert: That's fine. Yeah, thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Yep.
Dan: Any other questions.
Dan: I see. Valerie asked something. I don't know if you want to ask out loud.
valeria brenner: I did not ask anything, but I am having a great time listening to this.
Dan: Glad to hear it
Dan: any other questions.
Dan: Go ahead.
Chloe Lannert: Aye.
Alejandra Guillen: Yeah, very quickly. So you said that you have you got your original target user? Wrong? How did you? And then you discovered it was months in their forties, who wanted to talk to nutritionist? How did you get to the first one? Did? Was it through Jtv. Because I think that we're in in that situation where you know, we need to expand and think a little bit about our target consumer.
Dan: How I found out they were the wider ones, or how did I get them on the platform?
Alejandra Guillen: What was your original targets?
Alejandra Guillen: And then, how? How did you get the right one into your platform? Exactly.
Dan: My original target was 22 to 30 year old
Dan: tech pros.
Dan: But
Dan: again, desperation was basically like anyone who'll just respond and engage.
Dan: I need them in the platform. And so it was just like as I want to like. For example, I want to
Dan: peloton groups, Facebook groups or or ring, or Fitbit, or Ketogenic diet groups.
Dan: I would do this engagement if whoever wanted to engage in me. I'm like I need to talk to that person
Dan: right?
Dan: And
Dan: more women or 40 engage with me than young guys.
Dan: Apparently a lot of young guys don't want to chat with a random dude on Internet.
Dan: right?
Dan: But
Dan: just this is how it worked out right like to be frank.
Dan: And so it was just
Dan: whoever it was. It was selection bias who agreed to talk to me. Was the people right?
Dan: We still got a bunch of like Dubai hackers.
Dan: I mean, our early people were all San Francisco, all Barria right.
Dan: and
Dan: when they all sign up, so that's number one we use like the revenue. We don't know who the customer is. Remember, prior to this. I didn't know what Keto Junk died was.
Dan: I didn't know what carb cycle. I didn't know these words. You meant a lot of these words.
Dan: so I was just a complete discovery. I didn't. I was not a customer, I mean, when we started. So I thought, this is kind of a stupid idea. Why would anyone want this?
Dan: And it turned out people wanted it. But I had to understand. I had to almost convince myself and learn from this. Why would people want this? What do they need?
Dan: And so
Dan: whenever I got in people from Facebook to chat, I asked them hundreds of questions
Dan: like, I even asked him question like, why are you talking to me right now?
Dan: Why are you open to this conversation?
Dan: What problems are you facing so similar jobs to be done
Dan: except less of a product
Dan: and more so about the problem that they're facing
Dan: right? And then, when I knew the problem, I was more so focused on
Dan: conveying a problem. On my website. And
Dan: in that communication to them
Dan: without the product actually solving the problem because it probably didn't exist. Then we said, we'll solve the problem. We probably build the product. Remember, I said earlier, where that we're not sending rocks in space.
Dan: I'm guessing most people here are not doing something so incredibly intense that it's like you need like billions of dollars, and if so, you can always build pretty much anything
Dan: right? And so for us to understand like, is there demand for your problem
Dan: jobs to be done to me as a little deeper, and funnel where you have consumers. They like your product, they find value.
Dan: But maybe they're turning early. Or maybe they're like quitting sometime. And then you're like, Okay, well, how do I make sure they stay for a longer time. And
Dan: or how do I speak them more effectively at scale? So so it's a little bit more further down for me this point I was like, I need revenue to survive.
Dan: because again, I could do as many interviews I want. But until someone gives you a credit card.
Dan: Notice. Some people say actually matters to me
Dan: right? Like.
Dan: I'm sure you guys been on a date before in your life where a person says I really like you. Let's go another day, and I go, of course, and never hear from them again.
Dan: Right? How did that happen?
Dan: And so
Dan: that's why I don't think these interviews
Dan: as impactfully.
Dan: you know, as a credit card. I do like doing interviews, and they have to interview be like, all right. Here's a checkout page. Can you play? Can you pay it? Live?
Dan: And so these people on chat? I will often say, like, Okay, seems like we're on board here. Here's a link. Let's pay
Dan: and see if they pay. If they really, if you're really going to solve the problem, they're going to pay you.
Dan: I mean at a perfect example. I mean, like I could pick out anything here.
Dan: Alejandra, right?
Dan: What's your business?
Alejandra Guillen: I'm working with Antonio, you know where the the wearable for mental wellness.
Dan: And so you guys are trying to negotiate the Api contract.
Alejandra Guillen: Yes, we are one of those.
Dan: How important is that a contract to you.
Alejandra Guillen: That? That's a good question.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, no, very important. Actually, we would like to follow up with you as well on that, then. But we believe that this is the form factor.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: People use 1 HA day. This thing. We want people to use it 12 HA day like, you're wearable. Okay, so this is just an entry point for us to start testing our app and keep testing the algorithm with a company that is established in this sector. But we wanna build our own hardware. There's gonna be as small as yours.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: And maybe these guys can actually help us with manufacturing and hardware. We provide the the design. And we, we see these guys as a way to grow and start getting customers.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: But but eventually wanna be like, you guys like having the smallest eg. Device in the world that is very cheap, and we can start selling door to door
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: like you guys did. And I'm very inspired by what you. What are you teaching us today? It's been phenomenal. By the way.
Dan: If I can give you that device
Dan: in 2 months.
Dan: would you take it
Dan: that month device to last for
Dan: you said people use for 12 months.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: What device the.
Dan: Device that you want to build. You said, you want to build device. We're used for 12 months. That's small in the world. If I can give you that device. Would you want it?
Alejandra Guillen: Yes.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah.
Dan: How much would you pay for that.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: So we we are still building it. So we we believe that we can build it for $50
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and then charge maybe $100 and then charge maybe Han $200 on it.
Dan: What if I give it to you for $10?
Alejandra Guillen: I want to know.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah.
Dan: You want to use your credit card.
Dan: and we'll make this deal happen.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah.
Dan: You see what I'm saying like, you just gotta add, you gotta let the other person talk more.
Dan: understand what they want, what they need.
Dan: I still don't really know your product? To be frank, but just by asking you questions and you saying you you're going to tell me what you want.
Dan: And I just have to ask you that back.
Dan: So and our example like
Dan: and so like in your customer's example.
Dan: is around stress. I'm guessing stresses you guys working on? Or what is it.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Stress and anxiety. Yes.
Dan: Social anxiety. Okay, so like.
Dan: do you have social anxiety?
Dan: Yes, I do.
Dan: What? What like? How does it impact your life?
Dan: I can't sleep at night.
Dan: How does that impact your life
Dan: that you can't sleep at night? I struggle to work.
Dan: What? How's the stopping you've like struck? What makes you struggle, work with us?
Dan: Because I know I whenever my boss talks to me, I get nervous, and then
Dan: I can ask for raise.
Dan: Oh.
Dan: so how much raise you? Asked for $30,000.
Dan: So you're telling me that if you have the confidence and last social anxiety would get $30,000 more a year. Yep.
Dan: you know what I have this device for $100 or $200. They'll remove that for you.
Dan: Are you interested?
Dan: Right? Like having a conversation, you just start getting deeper, deeper, deeper. Why, why, why.
Dan: it lets you understand how to convince that person
Dan: first off. If you could say if you cancel the problem, don't you know? Don't invent something that's not possible. Right? Like, don't tell me you gotta cure cancer. If you can't cure cancer, please don't say that.
Dan: But like what you're describing is very feasible.
Dan: you know, like that's realistic. I know. I believe that you guys can do this.
Alejandra Guillen: Hmm.
Dan: But the irony is, you gotta get revenue to make it happen right revenue
Dan: capital and then building.
Dan: But the way you get revenues understand the problem
Dan: right? And I think that's the way you do it. You just keep asking those questions. All you really understand what it is because people like. I'm guessing some people like people aren't saying, oh, I wish I didn't have anxiety.
Dan: They're saying, I wish I didn't have anxiety, so I can get a girlfriend. I wish I didn't have an anxiety, so I can make friends.
Dan: I wish I could have anxiety, so I get a raise to work.
Dan: you know. I wish I could. Exactly. So there's there's a reason for that
Dan: afterwards. It's not either worked about. They're worried about the things they're doing their day that are not accomplishing right.
Dan: And then think about what is it that's driving that factor
Dan: and addressing those things?
Dan: And then people are really willing to pay you after that.
Dan: Does that help?
Dan: Yes, yeah.
Alejandra Guillen: Yeah, he does.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Nothing.
Dan: And sorry. My examples are maybe not as
Dan: great. They're doing it real life here in real time. So it's a little complicated without knowing your business or.
Alejandra Guillen: They're actually paying.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: No, this is great. And basically you're saying converting the Jtbd interviews into sales calls basically
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: start converting those into sales calls
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: yeah, understanding and converting sales.
Dan: Yes, yeah, it's some. It's a little different, I'd say, because I think there. But there is overlap. But it's a little different, right? Jb, jobs will be done as a framework. It's a great framework, by the way, amazing framework.
Dan: This one's a little bit earlier in a funnel
Dan: of more. Just
Dan: I mean, it's kind of like paying to cash.
Dan: What?
Dan: Gdb is more like
Dan: one safe pay joots or like, what do you build for them right? How do you dress a solution?
Dan: Is it that device like, for example, does it really have to be a smallest device in the world?
Dan: The people actually care. I'm not even sure it's a big device doesn't matter.
Dan: Maybe it doesn't. Is it better for last 3 years or one month or 2 days like, so that that job should be done a lot of times about that as well.
Dan: Because, for example, if the job is, they're afraid they're gonna look silly.
Dan: That's why they want social anxiety. When you give a device that's huge, they can look at goofballs.
Dan: Then again, you didn't. You create another problem for them?
Dan: Sold them. But then you invent a new problem from now. They didn't want to wear. Those things are embarrassed, right? And so you should. That's more jealous. We don't helps address that a little bit more.
Dan: So I'm probably earlier in the funnel. Actually.
Alejandra Guillen: And Josh, we.
Dan: Probably like me, and then just be done next.
Dan: But really, Jeff's a bit about the West as a good guy. I think you guys talked to him really, really sharp guy and really helpful.
Dan: Anything else.
Chloe Lannert: We're running short on time. Should we see if we can run through a few more slides.
Dan: Sure. Sure. One slide, I think one in there now. So
Dan: let me see if I can open this.
Dan: But this is great. I'm I'm glad you guys are asking questions. This is more for you guys than this for me. So I'm gonna make sure you guys are getting value whatever value that
Dan: you think that drives.
Dan: Let's see, where's his deck?
Dan: I don't even know where Powerpoint is anymore. Let's try some.
Dan: Oh, there it is.
Dan: alright back to business guys back to business. Can you guys hear me?
Dan: So any questions on this slide?
Dan: Nope.
Dan: our next slide?
Dan: So I think the the thing about is
Dan: this is
Dan: an important self awareness exercise. You guys need to do this
Dan: is
Dan: understand?
Dan: Like, truly, this is this is the really hard exercise, because startups, because I think
Dan: we as founders, have to be a little bit crazy and a little bit
Dan: egotistical to start a company say, like, Hey, I'm gonna quit my job, and I'm gonna start something that's never existed before. It's it's a little cocky, right? Let's be honest here.
Dan: and that skill comes with sometimes lack of self awareness, because you don't know you can fail. And you're like, I can anyone, you know, you have to be a little crazy in the same time cocking, but all self aware which is hard. And so
Dan: where are your actual pain points
Dan: in regard to sales marketing all this stuff?
Dan: What I mean by that.
Dan: it always comes with the humans. Right? So
Dan: if it's you and your partner, let's say it's 2 of you guys
Dan: which one of you guys is actually in charge of this.
Dan: What I mean by that is only 2 jobs matter, only 2 build and sell.
Dan: Are you building? Are you selling.
Dan: because the biggest mistake that I've seen over and over and over is, you have an engineer start company and guess what they hire. Another engineer find another cofound engineer because it's easy
Dan: or they have a product manager and they find no product, manager, designer, designer, or even
Dan: you might have to salesperson or marketer. But then you also hire a marketer right? And they're bringing marketers co-founder.
Dan: It shows Builder sales. You. Just divide that and so ask yourself like, is it me? And where's my partner? Because a lot of people say like, Oh, we're both kind of doing building. We're both kind of doing sales. No, no, no, no one does sales. One does building.
Dan: So really asking yourself.
Dan: which one am I?
Dan: And dividing this.
Dan: you guys aren't both selling one of you guys, it's selling one's building.
Dan: And if you guys don't have that that you're truly like.
Dan: oh, it's both of us, but we're kind of both bad at it.
Dan: One of 2 things needs to happen.
Dan: either one who needs to get really freaking quick, good, pretty quick.
Dan: And say, I'm focused on this.
Dan: Well, your focus says I'm gonna get really quick, good, or you need to get another co-founder, third, fourth.
Dan: or one. You got to realize. Maybe I'm not supposed to be part of a founder, because I'm not the right person. But you have to determine that really, really quickly.
Dan: because you can have the best freaking product in the world.
Dan: But if people don't know about it doesn't matter.
Dan: That's the irony here. It doesn't matter.
Dan: There's so many products. They're just incredible. But people don't know they exist.
Dan: And so
Dan: I mean, I think a good exercise is you know.
Dan: Go around the room like Lisa.
Dan: who's in your team.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: We are, I think, the only ones with the I'm the brand person we have a fantastic CTO, and that the sales genius. So I think we we're onto this.
Dan: Okay, what about you, David?
David Akinyemi: We have me product. And then my CTO. Was a full second engineer.
Dan: Who's doing marketing sales.
David Akinyemi: Me!
Dan: But you, you said you do product alright.
David Akinyemi: Yeah, product management, background.
Dan: So you so you're doing, are, do you think the right person to do marketing sales.
David Akinyemi: On the team. Yes, in terms of
David Akinyemi: the best skill set for it.
David Akinyemi: decent above average, but not not my expertise.
Dan: Do you think you'll be good enough in 3 months? How good do you think you'll grown that.
David Akinyemi: I think it'll be good enough for 3 months.
Dan: Okay, well, it's good. But that means that you should stop doing product completely. You should do 0 product. Going forward. Your CTO needs to product.
Dan: They need to expand their skills and own product.
Dan: So you could hyper focus to do marketing. Get really freaking good at it. If you're doing some marketing. And you're not. By the way, if you're incredible. And of course you could do millions things if you're not saying you're elite to 99 percentile
Dan: need to pause all other things.
Dan: and only do that
Dan: literally do that and nothing else. And your CTO needs own product
Dan: in that time period.
Dan: because without any thanks. Go ahead.
David Akinyemi: I just ask, how do you manage
David Akinyemi: those roles with like
David Akinyemi: collaboration when it comes to
David Akinyemi: feedback and iterative loops? Like, for example, we have roles where someone is a driver, but we still also have these things where?
David Akinyemi: Let's say, George may make a decision I disagree with. And I'm like, Hey, actually, I don't want you to do it this way. You're gonna do it that way.
David Akinyemi: Do you think that kind of
David Akinyemi: contradicts the ideas of, Hey, this is your role. You should be doing this or.
Dan: Are you pre-prot? Are you pre revenue or post revenue?
David Akinyemi: We're pre-product pure revenue.
Dan: Pre-revenant.
David Akinyemi: Correct. Yeah.
Dan: Until you get revenue, and you get feedback from your customers that are paying customers. Not I, you know not ideal customers. Interviews
Dan: like none of it matters
Dan: like get paid customers.
Dan: So your job right now was convince people to pay you
Dan: and get them to pay you the moment they pay you.
Dan: and you ask them what they want, or if they're kept leaving while you're leaving, or first paying you more, what is that you want?
Dan: Then it's no longer debate. You know exactly what they want, and it's not your opinion, his opinion. It's the customer's opinion.
Dan: but that those things don't matter
Dan: if that person builds the wrong shit.
Dan: and you don't have customers doesn't matter
Dan: right. If you have customers to build around, shit that you can adjust.
Dan: But you like. It doesn't matter like whether it's they build the right or the wrong stuff. It simply doesn't matter right now. That's the irony here.
Dan: because you don't actually know you're you're, you're basically, you guys are
Dan: debating intellectually.
Dan: And it's more of like again, as I mentioned, is the the difficulty about the self awareness. Here is because
Dan: for you to start a company you have to be really freaking, smart, and really charismatic and really like
Dan: confident.
Dan: Which means that
Dan: your co-founders also knows those criteria and those things clash
Dan: because but in the end customer wins. But with that customer you don't have a tie breaker.
Dan: so if you just let them build shit.
Dan: It could be the wrong shit. And assuming it's gonna be a lot of substantial wrong stuff. But it doesn't matter
Dan: right
Dan: what he should theoretically could do is almost help you assist with sales. For example, you're convincing customers, and you got like 3 signed up or 3, will the page you. But they said, We're going to cancel unless you give him this feature. Then you tell them, hey, dude, this is, they're literally saying this build this
Dan: over time you'll find out like sometimes you go in wrong directions. You might be like, Oh, we both, for like 5 people, but 1 million people on something else. But find out a later. And it's over time. When you have 20 engineers doing stuff for you right now. It's sell, build, sell, build. It doesn't rest doesn't matter. And so.
David Akinyemi: Yeah, you.
Dan: Say, I'm gonna do only sales for marketing sales whatever for 3 months, because I need to become a elite. At this I need to become the best in the world at this.
Dan: So either you can do that or you can't. If you can't do it, put someone else in place, you can.
Dan: but the only you can do that fast like people spend 20 years and still bad marketing sales. How do you do in 3 months?
Dan: Absolute focus. You can't do anything else. Everything else is distraction.
Dan: I mean, that's what I said. We didn't have swag
Dan: for 3 years.
Dan: we didn't really spend much time with investors. We didn't do. Pr, we didn't do SEO. Sorry. Where was that SEO for a while, because it's just like
Dan: I don't know what I'm doing SEO, for who is my customer like I could do SEO for ex like we did SEO. We would think how much time would have spent 5 SEO for the buy hacker, tech Bros.
Dan: I would have got all SEO, but nobody would have signed up because they don't care about product. They care. It's a different demographic. So then you're going around direction because you don't have customers right? You're guessing you're just throwing, you know.
Dan: and you need customers to tell you the right direction.
David Akinyemi: Definitely makes sense. I guess how important is building then, in that sense. And so our theology has been, hey, we don't need to build. And unless we have someone who's paying to then start building. And so we've kind of
David Akinyemi: actually, almost become strictly a marketing and selling team where the goal right now is to just sell and marketing. We're not really building. We're just using the feedback we get from these conversations to improve our marketing but in that sense our roles have kind of become more ambiguous in the sense where
David Akinyemi: my co-founder is a builder. But we're not building. I'm a product manager. But we're not developing the product. We're just selling and marketing kind of thing.
Dan: But you haven't sold yet right.
David Akinyemi: Hmm! No.
Dan: So until you sell, you haven't really actually become marketing sales. You like, you talk to our marketing sales a lot.
Dan: You try marketing sales a lot. But you didn't actually converse right? It's kind of people say, like.
Dan: you know.
Dan: I'm kind of pregnant.
Dan: It's either pregnant or not pregnant. You don't kind of get pregnant right? And same to this. You don't kind of sell
Dan: until you sell right?
Dan: Yeah. And so right now you're, I think you think your marketer is sale, but you're actually not
Dan: when you get.
David Akinyemi: Gotcha.
Dan: People, but give you pay you and your marketing sales here you got it. And in regard to building, there's exceptions what I'm saying, the exception is this.
Dan: if you are again building AI like like, if you're like open AI, you're building something innovative that like
Dan: that's different. Like I mentioned before. If you're building something like rockets, you probably get to build those before you sell right. If you're bringing. If you're doing cancer research, probably to build it before you sell.
Dan: But that's this. That's like the 1% of things that are like
Dan: unusual, right? Unique
Dan: majority of the companies here. I'm guessing 9 out of 10 companies here are probably not in that bucket. Maybe there's one here. So again, ask you, I don't know if anyone does anybody feel like they're that company where you're like the rare bird where, like.
Dan: you could basically be unprofitable because you build like a biotech company. That's gonna Ipo with 0 revenue.
Dan: Is anyone like that? Okay? Well, great. We at least remove that exception.
Dan: Maybe somebody selected messages here.
Dan: Someone maybe did.
Vincent Lucero: Yeah, it was. We're doing capital markets. So it's a little bit different.
Dan: So what do you guys do in the capital markets?
Dan: Is it so.
Vincent Lucero: So we we essentially help facilitate
Vincent Lucero: Fintech lenders to get access to revolving debt, capital debt facilities. So we basically connect self credit card from Tech to 2015, with a hundred 1 million dollars from Bank of California and facilitate that as a a deal. We also are focused on decisioning and providing AI decision. That's a little bit more inclusive to help people at lower credit. Bans.
Dan: Why do you think that?
Dan: Yours is different, and than everyone else's?
Vincent Lucero: It's different, just because of the order of magnitude, of like trillions of dollars that we're working with. And then this individual deal size and the fact that, like our time to our first sale, is likely going to be at least a year. Right? So it is a little bit more like a hardware type startup from that perspective, not obviously, like actually like building rockets. But the timeline to first launch essentially is similar.
Dan: Question for you.
Dan: Yeah, how do people currently do this?
Vincent Lucero: Fis and Pfizer.
Vincent Lucero: So essentially, they use enterprise solutions, or they build it in house. And typically they just don't have the talent in house.
Dan: Do they ever? Does anybody ever do it manually? Do they have? Is there ever done relationship wise? We're like.
Dan: I'm friends with Banker.
Dan: I'm friends with a capital manager
Dan: allocator that can help you make this deal happen.
Vincent Lucero: So that's the thing. Is that time to actually do the deal, even through the manual process, without actually building it still in itself takes months to close these debt facilities, because the due diligence necessary by the risk committees is a multi month process on both sides.
Dan: Got it.
Dan: can you use a earlier metric then, because the deal size so big can use a metric of
Dan: people that agree to work with you on a manual version of this.
Vincent Lucero: And that's exactly what we're doing. We're using Lois, which Neil hates. But we we also recognize the reality of of of sales cycles for enterprise, finance.
Dan: Yup, I mean, I hate otherwise, to some extent it's really, I think it depends what's in there
Dan: and how in depth, if it's something like we're considering working with you. Not very specific. But there's some other ways that are like
Dan: almost legally right.
Vincent Lucero: Yeah, ours is gonna have teeth around. If they choose to use one of the debt deals that we broker, we get 1% broker fee on like the 100 million dollars.
Dan: Yep, yeah, yeah, that's interesting. Yeah.
Dan: yeah. I mean, we could talk about more than does. But it's there's definitely ways to figure this out, and you should. You should probably define definition sales there right? Maybe it's Loi. Maybe it's a little deeper in funnel. Maybe it's a stronger loi.
Dan: I think when Neil's probably coming from, and I'm not gonna speak for him. But I would. I've seen all the wise they're so weak
Dan: don't mean anything like I've seen Eliza. We're like
Dan: one we launch. You agree to work with us. You agree to explore working with us that, my God! Nobody takes that seriously.
Dan: but I've seen it otherwise. Where we're like.
Dan: Here's a prepayment for $20,000 as a
Dan: guarantee that we'll work with you when we, when this goes live
Dan: right like
Dan: that's more legit holiday
Dan: you've got for sure.
Vincent Lucero: Need to have some teeth in it.
Dan: But yeah, I'm saying you could still do prepayment all wise. I've seen prepayments all wise.
Vincent Lucero: Yeah, the prepayment part is hard, because, like it's, it's a bit conditional on the actual debt deal going through. And our actual like AI. We is not yet ready, but we could potentially be asking for nre upfront and then discount the amount of broker feed that we take just to show the upfront value.
Dan: I mean, you could do escrow account. You could say, Hey, can you put it? The pause on escrow account? So we take you seriously because we're gonna build all these things for you.
Dan: You know, there's ways to think about it. It's
Dan: show more commitments.
Dan: There's definitely ways around it.
Dan: Cause you wanna waste to stop wasting time. I think we tried something where all these research organization reach out us. We wanna partner with you guys. But we, you know, we're, gonna
Dan: you know, work with you in one year from now, because we have to get off the approval.
Dan: And my marketing sales team actually spent months with these people, and still $0 revenue. And what I kind of cost to be spent is probably like $100,000 of labor cost.
Dan: Negotiate all these deals like, don't we have anything? Or describing the process? I basically have a call. I was like.
Dan: we're happy to work with you. I need you a 5% deposit.
Dan: And like 95% of companies dropped off. They disappeared. 5% gave a deposit.
Dan: Now we're taking it more seriously
Dan: right? And so it helps you also understand that point of view.
Dan: So
Dan: cool.
Dan: What else? Anyone else here? What about you, Kevin? Who's the sales versus market person.
Kelvin Alaneme: Okay.
Kelvin Alaneme: Okay. Oops.
Kevin: Sorry I thought you, said Kevin Kelvin. Sorry.
Dan: Yep.
Kelvin Alaneme: I think we are 2 Kevin's. Yeah.
Kelvin Alaneme: So I'm I'm the CEO and the salesperson the building person is my CTO.
Dan: Got it. How good are you at sales.
Kelvin Alaneme: I've been selling since I was 5, so I'm trying.
Dan: So good
Dan: rebels.
Dan: Okay, what about you, Sergei?
Sergey: Yeah, I'm I'm with Lisa. And so I
Sergey: I'm building.
Dan: Okay, perfect.
Dan: So you guys, are you guys are the dream team on the build or the okay? Awesome. Nelson, what about you guys.
Dan: You're also with Lisa.
Nelson Mitchell: No
Nelson Mitchell: I'm I'm separate. So I'm the I'm the product guy. And I'm working with the software engineer
Nelson Mitchell: And I'm trying to do sales and marketing over the Internet.
Nelson Mitchell: just testing that out. So.
Dan: So it's just you 2.
Dan: Yep.
Dan: So I mean, it sounds like, you guys need to break that roll apart right?
Dan: Or maybe you stop stuff. And your CTO does engineer security and tough engineer does a product. And you just do marketing sales.
Dan: Yep.
Dan: yeah, that's the thing I think
Dan: you can't like again, test out marketing sales like
Dan: it's only it either works or doesn't right, because, like, you can't go to investors when you raise money and say, like, I need money. I need cash from you guys in my company.
Dan: So I can test out more stuff. They're gonna be like, well, what did you test already. And you're like, well, I only did a little bit because I was doing product
Dan: like, no one's ever gonna do that.
Dan: I've seen amazing products
Dan: way better proximized with shitty re, with shitty revenue than nobody invested. I've also sent seen some terrible products with awesome either revenue or just user counts that works, too.
Dan: And people just throw money in with. I don't even understand what it does.
Dan: No idea, right?
Dan: I'm assuming most you guys want to raise money. So you should really, I mean, after I mean, this is perfect for you, probably more than some that you guys should really think about. And also. And it's either
Dan: purely marketing sales phone
Dan: forward, starting today.
Dan: or you're missing a third cofounder.
Dan: And which one is it
Dan: because this is the only thing should be doing all day every day.
Dan: Yep.
Nelson Mitchell: Probably both
Nelson Mitchell: get a third cofounder.
Nelson Mitchell: Okay.
Dan: That person. Yeah, I mean it. This is hard. It really is hard.
Dan: Because we all like
Dan: you guys should keep going like this
Dan: and understand us.
Dan: What about you, Mark?
Malc: I'm CEO. So yeah, more the operational side of the business. My brother CTO, I would say, I'm proficient at the market. But you just echo must been in my mind. You just echo the last point. It's just carving out the time to do it and do it consistently and and do it, you know, at a high degree rather than kind of an hour here or 2 h there. Type of thing.
Dan: That's what I'm saying. I it should. It should be the only thing you're doing.
Dan: Again. Another thing I don't know. If Neil still on. He's gonna be mad. More again. Me.
Dan: you guys know, you guys do that weekly update of all the metrics and stuff like that.
Dan: We were still focused on, only build and sell, build and sell.
Dan: I think we missed like 90% of updates where we do the call. You know, the weekly meeting, and we didn't even update the sheets, and Neil's like, what are the numbers? I'm like? Oh, shit! I sorry!
Dan: And again Neil was very upset. Sorry, Neil.
NSG: It's all good dude I got over it.
NSG: My rule with them, Dan, is that if they're making money it's all good like, if if what they're doing is selling and making progress, then I forgive them. But if they're doing other shit that isn't relevant, then I have a problem.
Dan: Exactly because your generated revenue, Neil, get over it. He got over. He got over swag. He got over update updates.
Dan: But if you're not generating, no matter how amazing your product is.
Dan: nobody gives a shit.
Dan: and this is very, very hard conversation to have with yourself, and I'm being a little bit, you know, Nippy, here, because it's such a critical thing, because there's no more important part than what you guys are doing now, and as I'm going through. Some of you guys are lucky that you already have this part. And I'm you guys are bounds ahead
Dan: and you're likely to success just exponentially increase everyone else. But whoever doesn't have it, you need to do this
Dan: like it's so hard
Dan: like, maybe get a drink with your partner and just talk about this, because it's just so critical.
Dan: Should we go next slide? I know there's more people that I can pick, but it's to me. I think this is such an just like step one that needs to happen before anything else happens. And sometimes people care about stuff. 5 and 6 and like, we talked about podcasts and Youtube.
Dan: But if there's no on your team, we could do that. Does it really matter like.
Dan: it's a great channel. But like
Dan: it doesn't. It won't succeed right?
Dan: Just like I mentioned, I wouldn't be able to do. I'm here, not the guy, Felipe. Were you gonna say something.
Felipe - Gohaus: Yeah, no, thank you for that. And with just there was one question, because I have my co-founder, who is more into retail and home furnishing stores that we are setting in that area.
Felipe - Gohaus: I'm more into real estate, and I have my content. Real estate. So we kind of divided the the task of selling. She's more into that one, me into the other one. But she's only she's also doing product because she's an architect, and she knows about decoration and what we're doing.
Felipe - Gohaus: So it's it's a better
Felipe - Gohaus: way to do it is that that I I go on sale. I've been. I'm not the great person on selling, but I, doing some business development before, were the in my work plus years.
Felipe - Gohaus: But it do you think it's better that she focus on building.
Felipe - Gohaus: And I focus in sale or this, how do? How do you see that.
Dan: I think one of you needs to focus on building what I'm selling. I don't know who's better which one but
Dan: it could be either one, but it has to be one person, 1 one person there.
Dan: It's very difficult to do product and sales at the same time it as a one individual. It's just, it's too distracting. Again, if you already are an expert in the street like there's exceptions to rule right like
Dan: this is your now nineteenth company, or your third company, where you've done sales. And now you're like, Oh, I got the sales to figure it out unlocked down. I'm an expert is, and sure you could also do product, because
Dan: because you may already know Joe Rogan.
Dan: and guess what like, you don't need to spend where I spend your years trying to get in this podcast you already know Joe, and you call Joe. And you're like, Hey, Joe, can I come on
Dan: super easy? You might be friends with the guys at Walmart and target super. Easy. Right? So if you have those connections.
Dan: then you're good.
Dan: If you don't have those connections, then you and your party inside who's building selling. And it's literally split. So only 2 jobs
Dan: question back to you. Do you have those connections that you think you need that, you can just get it like this?
Felipe - Gohaus: No, no, no, no, no, I mean I have some, but it's not like just like that. No, we had to go, and we had to do research, we had to begin. So it makes sense.
Dan: And so it's important. There are exceptions, as I'm describing their exceptions, if one of you like. If ours connected like at the Sea of Walmart. Just, cousin, guess what like
Dan: cool that'll work like. Don't worry about pro selling them. I just build awesome product.
Dan: but not a lot of us have that, like
Dan: some people do, and but not many
Dan: cool
Dan: everyone else. Good. Alright! I thought I saw I saw some more polls.
Art- Clubreq: I don't have a connection with Walmart guys. Just Fyi. Okay? Alright.
Dan: Oh, you said, okay, time.
Chloe Lannert: Andy, go ahead.
andy - lexir: Yeah, I just have a quick question on the like, build versus cell. What if you have like? You have some customers, and there's like an operations component. What's your take on like
andy - lexir: keeping those customers.
Dan: Perfect.
Dan: Once you get really good at billing and selling.
Dan: you hire a third person
Dan: maintaining revenue.
Dan: So me, my co-founder, is me selling, marketing, my co-founder building, and then we brought a third cofounder, first employee. But she was a first employee, but third cofounder.
Dan: She was a dietician. We, her job was maintained. Revenue
Dan: you only you have to earn the right to get that third person.
Dan: Yeah, a lot of times actually build cell
Dan: one person, then it's 1 one, and it goes to Bill to sell 3 Bill 3, cell 4, Bill. And he keeps expanding those 2 jobs. And once you earn the rights because you're doing such a great job to hire this person that's maintaining revenue.
Dan: You have to earn that right. You don't just get that right.
Dan: and also please ignore the pr firms like you don't need a Pr. Person. You don't need an accountant. You don't need an Hr. Person. Those things do not matter for a long time.
Dan: And yeah, Calvin, you had a question.
Chloe Lannert: Super quickly. I just wanna let everyone know that we're at time. If you need to jump go ahead. But
Chloe Lannert: yeah, Dan, if you're happy to stay and answer more questions that would be important.
Dan: Yeah, yeah, I'm happy. I'll send you guys a deck because I the deck was actually very different. There's a lot of other topics. I think we're still on slide to
Dan: yeah.
Kelvin Alaneme: Thank you. Thank you so much. Just a very quick one for 2 persons co-founder, because what I'm hearing from you is that one person should focus on sales and so it it. Have you seen it that
Kelvin Alaneme: the person that is building more like the CTO will also be in charge of product, while the CEO focuses on sales. And then for those 2 persons co-founder, what is your thoughts about? You know some people would tell you. You need to hire a marketing person, you know. Let's say your sales
Kelvin Alaneme: skills are decent, but not maybe top tier. At what point do you need to hire a marketing person versus getting a co-founder, which one will you recommend.
Dan: So the first part, maybe I saw her 2 questions. Right? Make sure. I understand correctly. First question was.
Dan: you're saying that
Dan: should you let the other, your co-founder, will focus on product, and you don't touch product. So you do sales marketing.
Dan: So first question.
Kelvin Alaneme: Yeah, because because technically there, sometimes there is the leadership aspect. There is the product and the you know the the sales. But you know, if you are CEO, most times you know the sales fall upon you because you know you are front facing you, also getting those first few customers and all. So when we're talking of products, so to speak, should we leave it.
Dan: Leave that person until you get customers. Once you get customers, you guys can decide. And a lot of times the a lot of times you'll see the seal will have more product insight. But at beginning you leave to the person, let them folks on product.
Kelvin Alaneme: Okay.
Dan: Enabled the wrong stuff. That's okay.
Dan: Once you get customers.
Dan: then you could adjust and you give feedback, and then then you can. Things can change? That's the first question. Second question is, when do you decide if you want to hire marketing or co-founder, or whatever else?
Dan: one is again. Self awareness. How good are you
Dan: if you think like, hey? I can learn this.
Dan: then you should do it. If you think
Dan: honestly, I don't think I can to get a lead at that fast cause. Here's the thing.
Dan: I'm sure, like I'm sure, that I can learn like python.
Dan: and get really really good at it in 6 years.
Dan: but I have 3 months.
Dan: I don't think I could do in 3 months. So questions how quickly can get there in 3 months or 6 months, because, remember, you will run on money. That's your living factor here. So if you get there in 3, 6 months, you're really freaking good if you but if you focus, then you should do it. If you don't think you can get really good, then you need a co-founder.
Dan: When I say really good at this point, I'll say, probably like
Dan: a minus right. One thing I've discovered over the years is that
Dan: if you get obsessed about a topic. Least me. If I get obsessed about a topic
Dan: I can get to like a 90, if 90 fifth percentile within like 2, 3 months.
Dan: even better than people have done it for 2030 years. Because you gotta remember.
Dan: most people look at a job as this a job. So just because they're Vp. Of marketing at Mcdonald's or craft.
Dan: They're not actually that much better. They've just been. They've like, got this job and slowly moved up. But their goals are clock in and clock out a lot of people actually optimizing for work life balance.
Kelvin Alaneme: Hmm.
Dan: As a founder. You're optimizing for skill, improvements
Dan: and growth of your skills in a company. They're not. Their goal is to how do I make as much money as possible while working as little as possible.
Dan: So if you offer 250 KA year to work 40 h, or 250 K to work 10 h. Everyone will, almost almost everyone take 10 h. Right? So they're optimized for different things. So basically, I kind of do a 3 step process of learning incredibly fast, like I can pick any topic and get really elite
Dan: quickly. And my step process is really 3 parts like Facebook ads. Never done. Facebook ads in my life.
Dan: Step one
Dan: allocate, 2, $300. Know when this is going to go down in trash.
Dan: You're gonna get nothing out of this but learning.
Dan: And then just run ads, press on every freaking button and take obsessive notes like I usually have tens of pages, notes of like, what does this button? Why does this button there? What does this look like? What does the image so obsessive? It? Second thing is consumer, enormous amount of content
Dan: on that topic. Youtube, podcast whatever it is.
Dan: third, one is. Once you have notes from both those areas reach out to people one or 2 years ahead of you.
Dan: and just get on a call with them and have them answer your questions for you
Dan: when I say, that is.
Dan: don't say, Hey, teach me marketing. Teach me Facebook. Don't say that. Say, Hey, I tried running an ad that looks like this, but it didn't work. But then this ad worked.
Dan: I'm thinking it's this.
Dan: what do you think?
Dan: You'd be amazed? How many people were incredibly successful? Be open, answering a question
Dan: like, I've gotten in touch with like
Dan: Mark Cuban, because I've asked questions like that like, it's just literally cold email.
Dan: But I'm specific. My requests.
Dan: The request that I hate and people hate is.
Dan: Hey, I really love what you're doing. Neutral sense. Can I talk to you about marketing and Facebook?
Dan: I'm not even gonna answer that email like, you can, Youtube, how to use Facebook ads like this is not a new topic.
Dan: But if you're specific in your question like, I think.
Dan: Antony, you guess your question is very specific. One example is, Antonio sent me a question. I think it was you right, Antonio?
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yes. Yeah.
Dan: Oh, it was about. It was very specific about Api contracts. Sandra's not stranded like that is not Google.
Kelvin Alaneme: Okay.
Dan: And that's like I wanted to answer, and I gave some answers. Probably still not good enough. I'll probably go deeper, but I think it was maybe valuable. I'm not sure. 120 feet I was valued out.
Kelvin Alaneme: Yeah.
Dan: Happy to answer. But people ask me questions like.
Dan: what are Api contracts?
Dan: How do you do them? I just ignore those people because it's they didn't. Google, the answer.
Kelvin Alaneme: Yeah, Ju, just to clarify between hiring a marketing person. Let's say you need to hire a marketing person.
Kelvin Alaneme: What do you think between getting a top co-founder and hiring a marketing person. Given the nature of
Kelvin Alaneme: co-founder contracts and everything. And you know the marketing person you're hiring. You're not even very sure they're going to perform. So if they are an employee and they don't perform, they don't hit their kb, as you can easily let them go as against if they are a co-founder.
Kelvin Alaneme: if they comment so, what do you think like? If you need a marketing person, would you hire, or would you get the.co founder.
Dan: So I mean, I heard several things in there letting people go
Dan: marketing versus co-funder. So start letting people go.
Dan: I teach a class Northwestern Mba about firing.
Dan: because as a startup you will, you will need to learn how to fire
Dan: really, really quickly.
Dan: the biggest mistake we've made, and I teach everyone my company's Wallace. To this day they all make the same mistake
Dan: where they let people stay who are not good enough too long.
Dan: When you work at Kraft, Heinz, and you have 10,000 employees, and you hired a 10,000 first employee.
Dan: And they're not that good. That's literally one out of 10,000 percentage. What annual percent? That is what is a point 0 0 1.
Dan: And if they suck, it doesn't impact that much
Dan: when you hired a third person, and they're not good. That's 33% of your town pool.
Dan: It's insane. These, the first 30 people need to be freaking incredible like we have fired people who are good, not incredible good.
Dan: And the reason was they were just good.
Dan: So think about that standard.
Dan: So when I hire a marketing person, for example. So
Dan: I told you guys like, I get really good at this stuff really quick, I get the 9% out. And then when I interview someone for Facebook ads, for example.
Dan: to run Facebook for me.
Dan: I make sure this person is at least 3 times better than me.
Dan: because if I spent 2 months on this.
Dan: and I'm better than you.
Dan: Dude. How can I take this person seriously
Dan: like it's it's insane. They need to be at least 3 times better than me.
Dan: and that's a standard. You should use that. Because, by the way, also, if you don't ever run Facebook as an example.
Dan: how do you know if somebody's bullshit in your now? How do you know they're good? You literally can't tell.
Dan: like you have no idea what they could tell you anything about? Oh, that sounds great. If you ask him like, what are you? Gonna ask him like, are you go to Facebook ads?
Dan: I doubt the candidate's gonna say, Nope.
Dan: everyone's gonna say, yes, of course, I'm amazing.
Dan: But if you now know how this works and you ask more questions because you're ready like a ninetieth percentile 90. Fifth.
Dan: you're looking for the 90 ninth, right? You're trying to find someone better than you.
Dan: It's much easier to understand the better than you. Right.
Dan: Does that answer your question? I don't know if.
Kelvin Alaneme: Yeah, it does. I think the only part is should you get the co-founder? I thought, co-founder slash.
Dan: Yeah, you can fire. You can fire co-founder, too. Right? There is a 4 year of us on everyone's contract co-founders all the time
Dan: co-founder. It's really, I mean, that's a game you're actually playing a little bit more
Dan: of.
Dan: Are you optimizing for salary or equity?
Dan: What is a co-founder really co-founder is really someone who's willing to work even more hours
Dan: for even less pay for higher upside
Dan: versus an employee
Dan: kind of wants some money to live
Dan: right
Dan: like.
Dan: We have plenty of employees. We hire who we pay more than Facebook now, and more Meta, more Meta on Amazon, because like and they're still amazing. By the way.
Dan: they're not their faculty. They're there for the salary, right? They're still amazing.
Dan: But the early in people it's really just you're trading off like money for
Dan: for cash, or I'm sorry. Money for equity. That's what you're really doing. So it's whatever is required to get the best person possible.
Kelvin Alaneme: Thank you very much.
Dan: Yep, looks like Snowy. You've got a question.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Yeah. First of all, I I really thank you for sharing your insight. I'm I'm very impressed, and that I I I want to learn more about the revenue part keeping the revenue part. So you mentioned that? So we we are post product post revenue. So I'm I'm
Snow Lee / Runbear: I'm trying to be on the sales part while my co-founder liam is on the product part. What is the the main role of the person who
Snow Lee / Runbear: keeps the revenue. And also is it is it good for us to have some co-founder for dedicated to it? So we have 2 more engineers in my team. So we are 4.
Snow Lee / Runbear: So I'd like to learn more about.
Dan: I wanna make sure. So your your question was there. When do you add the revenue maintenance maintenance person? Is that what you're saying.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I don't. I don't know nothing about that.
Dan: Sure. I mean, this is in every company. It's different right in our company. It was a dietician.
Dan: and a different company might be customer support different company might be customer success.
Dan: right? Another company's operation. So it's really question, what like that? What is the
Dan: what is causing? Excuse me.
Dan: The question is, what is causing a leaky bucket for you? Meaning
Dan: when customers are turning? What's the reason they're turning
Dan: their attorney cause they're not getting product on time. But it's someone who works in logistics.
Dan: If they're turning, because they're not getting answers. Questions, questions asked, answered customer support. If they're not. If the turning because the onboarding sucks customer success. So the question to you is.
Dan: why are customers turning.
Snow Lee / Runbear: so once, you don't.
Dan: Definitely turn. That's when you hire that person. That's the person you hire.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Got it, got it so as a as a so you you mentioned that I need to. We need to focus on one thing so as a CEO, I'm trying to focus on the marketing and marketing sales.
Dan: Yes.
Snow Lee / Runbear: So
Snow Lee / Runbear: is it better, for do you recommend me to hire someone for this customer success, instead of a handling that kind of com conversation with the company
Snow Lee / Runbear: customer by myself.
Dan: So you will have you said you have 3 engineers. You're doing marketing sales right.
Snow Lee / Runbear: That's right.
Dan: You're not doing any engineering product right?
Snow Lee / Runbear: Actually I'm doing. But I'm trying to avoid it.
Dan: First stop, stop that number one, number 2 is
Dan: you should want to understand the pain points to the customer. Why they're turning. You should understand that.
Dan: So that understanding is on you, because only then you will hire the right person.
Dan: If you don't know the pain points. You're logistics, person, but you need a customer support person, or you're gonna hire dietician. We need a you know, director operation. So you need first understand that part.
Dan: And then you hire that person. Yes.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Go ahead. Got it? Yeah. Understood?
Dan: Other questions like, Do you have a do you have a retention problem? You may not have one.
Snow Lee / Runbear: We we have, we have, I mean, we have 1510 to 15 churn rate monthly churn rate.
Dan: I would dive a little deeper in that, because that's not always a problem.
Dan: right? What I mean by that is.
Dan: I mean to be frank guys, we have really high turn rate, too.
Dan: But we're really for us like we look at everyone who looks at business are always different. We look at Cltv to Cac.
Dan: So if we have the ones still to eat a kack.
Dan: does it really matter?
Dan: Mean like, if I'm making $20 for every $1 I spend on product and marketing
Dan: like. And I'm making $19 like I can keep going forever.
Dan: Does it matter
Dan: like? So you should define what? Why, like, sometimes investors are a little tricky, and it just keeps it. Retention, retention, retention.
Dan: Sometimes it's true, sometimes it's not
Dan: right.
Dan: Think about prior to Sas businesses existing. There were hundreds and hundreds of businesses existing that we're just selling you a product
Dan: we're like.
Dan: I mean, I don't know if you go to any store? 7, 11. There's gum.
Dan: They're not getting a subscription for gum. They're selling you one piece of gum. They're still making money. They're still making billions of dollars. They're selling you one piece because they're making more money. So the question really becomes.
Dan: is it truly the retention problem
Dan: like, What is your steel TV to cap is question number one. And do you need to be a retention company or not? And are you more of like a one time purchase, or like
Dan: intermittent purchase. So those questions need to be asked first.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Yeah, that's a great question. I need to find out.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Yeah.
Snow Lee / Runbear: people usually think.
Dan: Differently. Yeah, I was gonna say, like, if you're doing a $10 month subscription.
Dan: sometimes retention is the key.
Dan: When you're doing a
Dan: $250 a month. Consumer product
Dan: for us. Retention is important and everyone's had retention retention, but yet
Dan: we're profitable. Every every sale.
Dan: post marketing post cogs, post operations. So the question becomes like you, sure.
Dan: because maybe at that point it's
Dan: get as many human beings in a door. So you get brand building.
Dan: So it's really again, yeah, understanding, like, what pain point are you solving? It's very hard to solve many pain points.
Dan: And it always comes down to like which one is most important. Pain points.
Dan: and then you do that
Dan: right
Dan: right.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Right.
Dan: And that pain point solves, and you go to the next one.
Dan: and then you go next one. And yeah.
Dan: so the question is, which one.
Snow Lee / Runbear: so but the you know, we are in the AI field and that things change quite rapidly and
Snow Lee / Runbear: of course I. I understand that there are so many people. So I I need to focus on the growth. But there's still I feel a little bit afraid about losing customers. They I I feel afraid about that. They are not coming back later.
Dan: Do you have a lot of customers.
Snow Lee / Runbear: No, no, we have 50.
Dan: 50. Okay.
Dan: Is it enterprise or consumer?
Snow Lee / Runbear: Company, so not the enterprise size, but the.
Dan: Of the.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Start up, yeah, between.
Dan: And they're all paying customers.
Dan: Yeah.
Dan: yeah. But.
Snow Lee / Runbear: 1 $100 per month. It's not relatively slow. Yeah.
Dan: How many companies in the Us you think are possibly able to buy your company like you buy your product.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Yeah, sorry that that I I don't have the numbers in my head that probably.
Dan: Yeah, 10,000.
Snow Lee / Runbear: More than 10,000. Yeah.
Dan: So
Dan: would you say, what are you optimizing for next 3 months?
Dan: Like, what's your number? One metric? What's your North Star Metric, or your North Star Company goal.
Snow Lee / Runbear: So within this year so before, before we having starting out next funding, we want to have 10 K Mrr.
Snow Lee / Runbear: which is around, yeah, one.
Snow Lee / Runbear: 100 100 customers. Yeah.
Dan: So it's interesting.
Dan: I heard you say 10 Kmr. But you said before you started fundraising, is that what you said? Did I hear that correctly?
Snow Lee / Runbear: Yeah. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Yeah. 50 K. 50 kmr, but the we are thinking about the bridging bridge bridge of an as let me get rid of the bunch of the irrelevant information. So.
Dan: Yeah, older.
Snow Lee / Runbear: 5, 5, 5 500.
Dan: Before you get into. I think the reason I'm asking you this question is.
Dan: it sounds like
Dan: you're actually optimizing for a fundraise.
Dan: Right sounds like that's actually the north from metric your goal is to raise next round.
Snow Lee / Runbear: No, no, no, it's not about the Northometrics. Sorry I I I wasn't talking about North Dormitory our the the next milestone. So our next milestone goal is 100 paying customers, and then, probably next step will be having the series 8 to boost the growth
Snow Lee / Runbear: and then to to do the afforded next boosting the growth, we need some funding, and then that is the goal that we want to achieve. That 50 Kmr.
Dan: So let me flip that conversation.
Dan: Okay, for you to do that fundraising.
Dan: What do investors need to see.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Our growth, the probably Mr. Growth.
Dan: So to get to Mr. Growth. Is it easier for you to get more customers? Or is it easier for you to fix your potential problem.
Dan: She can like.
Snow Lee / Runbear: More customers, more customers.
Dan: Let's just focus on that for now.
Dan: because you have limited resources. That's the problem. You have limited resources. When you have 50 people on your team. Yeah, you have people more customers to be able to fix the retention. But right now, like limited resource, you can only do one problem at a time. Sometimes you're lucky. 2 problems at a time.
Dan: but once you know what
Dan: the promen to soft to get the next milestone, which sounds like fundraisers what you want to do, and that means to get there. It's easier to get more customers and fix the retention right.
Dan: Yeah. And it's and it hurts.
Dan: I heard. So you spend all this time acquiring these customers, and they leave, and it sucks.
Dan: and your investors always gonna be like, what are those customers leaving? Oh, no!
Dan: And it's going to hurt even more when they say that.
Dan: But then you show me your month of a month charts, increasing revenue, and they're all gonna shut up and say, Okay, here's more money.
Dan: Of course you're gonna have an a good answer of
Dan: Well, no, the guys. If I have 5 million dollars
Dan: I'll hire 4 engineers, and they're going to build XYZ. And our retention would be perfect.
Dan: and immediately that conversation goes away. So that's how you answer that question. But again, it's company specific in your situation. It's new customer. Seems like.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Yeah, yeah, totally makes sense. I'm I I'll take that. Thank you very much for the advice. Great advice.
Dan: Sorry for the many questions I just. It's hard to give an answer without knowing more details. That's why I need to ask more.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Great great.
Snow Lee / Runbear: that's help. That helps a lot.
Dan: Antonia.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: You started selling door to door. At what point you decided I need. Vc money. I need to grow like what point and why.
Dan: Yeah, yeah, I never actually sold door to door I sold on Internet.
Dan: But it's wonderful.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Beautifully, figuratively.
Dan: Yeah. Oh, oh, you gotta get again, I was saying. I'm saying I can't sell door. I don't know how
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: You!
Dan: Little point. We got money.
Dan: We've got a like
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: What point? At what point you realize that these these revenue is not enough. You guys were surviving with revenue getting directly from the customers at what point you said. Now we need to raise money.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and why.
Dan: We always want to raise money
Dan: from day one.
Dan: but
Dan: it's sometimes very hard to convince people that they should give you money
Dan: unless your previous founder and exits.
Dan: or you have friends and family that trust, and you want to give money.
Dan: I didn't, was not a priest founder, my parents. I'm an immigrant, so didn't have
Dan: friends. Family can just give me money, and so for me it was more like.
Dan: I want to raise money, but I need to show them something.
Dan: And it's really about portraying a
Dan: you know, beautiful story. A painting to these investors give you money.
Dan: and a story is usually really only 3 pieces. It's
Dan: team.
Dan: it's traction.
Dan: and it's
Dan: fluff storytelling of the vision, the vision which is going to change my 100 times. So I'm saying, fluffy.
Dan: But those 3 topics, those 3 pieces every time
Dan: we didn't really have a vision or a good story, because I didn't believe this idea was gonna work. Let's remember we did rock paper scissors. I went to the Hr idea.
Dan: So it's kind of hard to convince someone else with a story or vision that I don't even know what the hell is
Dan: right. We've no customers like my my friends buy hackens away so that one's kinda hard.
Dan: our my team. Our team, like my co-founder, was really impressive background, but he was a CTO prior.
Dan: Of those startup
Dan: I came from. Corporate finance
Dan: has no background, nothing to do with Mark like they're looking, and they're like, What are you new marketing? I was like, I don't know, like I don't know anything, right? So
Dan: our team backgrounds are not impressive either. And I saw a bunch of you guys went to like Stanford or some people into Harvard like, Sue, you guys, a waste your time in that regard so very impressive.
Dan: I went to like an average school
Dan: right?
Dan: so I didn't have the background. The team. So the only option I had was the third one is subtraction.
Dan: So you have to ask yourself, like, which of those 3 do you have. If you have the grand vision you could sell to anyone.
Dan: shit. You don't need traction or good team.
Dan: or if you have Mark Zuckerberg, join your company tomorrow.
Dan: Then you don't need traction. You don't need vision. You have Mark Zuckerberg, because you have amazing team, right?
Dan: So it's really which of those 3 do you have?
Dan: And that will determine.
Dan: how can you? And when can you pitch investors?
Dan: Yeah, I didn't have 2 of those I had, so I had to get traction to convince them.
Dan: That's what.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Syria. Yeah.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: yeah, Dan, is it realistic for a wearable
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: to to doing that organic growth to? Is it realistic to say that I will never need investors, and I'll I'll grow slowly.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: What's the risk is just that the competitors will will bite you? Or why? Why can't I just keep growing as low slowly with a small team, and gradually increase what the size of my team, without having
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: ever having investors.
Dan: You can, but I don't think you can. The answer is you can. There's risks. There's hundreds of risks for that. But you can.
Dan: I would probably not join. Text starts for that, because text are all like grown fast right.
Dan: and venture capital fundraising. That's more of like a family business, or like a small company business which is cool. By the way, way, less stressful
Dan: lot of times, then the craziest venture capital side of business. But
Dan: you can just probably different type of business.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Okay. Thank you.
Dan: By the way, just give you an example. Just do you guys know? Tender?
Dan: So one of my buddies, he was the founder tinder.
Dan: and he cashed, I think, 1.4 billion. And
Dan: after he started a wearable company, also wearable company round stress. Actually, if you look up, they have like, I think, a.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: The rings happy, ring, happy, ring.
Dan: I don't remember that name, but but he raised 80 million dollars pre revenue
Dan: and a 30 min meeting.
Dan: Right? He said. I want to build this this thing for stress management.
Dan: and someone wrote an 80 million dollar check after 30 min meeting that day. Wire to money. No term sheet. Nothing.
Dan: no vision.
Dan: no traction like I, said
Dan: founder, and press a founder. So that's we have to ask you which one are you? By the way. That company, I think, is going to shit.
Dan: But Tinder was worth 40 billion dollars. Right? It's the number one dating app in the world.
Dan: whether you like it, or don't like it. It is what it is. But
Dan: so which I mean. Question back to you, Antonio, which one do you have.
Dan: I guess. First question is, you have rich friends, connections.
Dan: They'll give you money.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, I'm I'm the I'm like, you. Basically.
Dan: Okay? So maybe then you're not the extreme which I was. Gonna say, then, you're in different bucket.
Dan: So that's the second bucket of the 3 parts.
Dan: Do you have traction?
Dan: Do you have a famous team
Dan: or impressive team like Super impressive?
Dan: Or
Dan: do you have a vision that you're going to solve? Everyone.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I think we have an impressive team and a vision. No, ma, 0 traction.
Dan: Then that's pro. That's probably good enough. You probably don't need traction to raise money. Then, if you have impressive team and
Dan: your vision.
Dan: it's good enough.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Okay, so I need to decide, we need to decide how fast we wanna grow, basically. And and it sounds like, if we wanna, because, yeah, otherwise the the main. The major reason we don't capital is that they're gonna.
Dan: What I'm saying to you is what I'm saying to you. If you said you have an amazing team and you have vision. What I'm saying to you that those 2
Dan: you can actually raise money without the traction.
Dan: You could skip most of the steps. You can just raise money right now.
Dan: if you believe you have those 2
Dan: or we didn't, we didn't have. I didn't have those 2.
Dan: I wasn't sure the company is gonna work, and our team was not impressive, so for me it was like shit. I gotta get traction.
Dan: But if you have those 2 you can skim the traction part for now, and raise money.
Alejandra Guillen: I I think. Then there's there's a lot that goes into. How do you find? Impressive? I think it's it's a good team, but impressive is, Do we have successful exits on our on our background? Do we have, you know, like recognition by name. And and I think we're missing those. So I think there's there's definitely talent. But
Alejandra Guillen: if if impressive, means that we need to have like millions of
Alejandra Guillen: of dollars in an in a successful exit. That's not where we are.
Dan: Alright. Yeah. I mean somebody. Maybe I'm using the word a little extreme. Everyone here is incredibly talented smart.
Dan: But what I mean say, impressive as in like.
Dan: if Jeff Bezos join your start tomorrow.
Dan: what would happen if Mark Zuckerberg joined and start tomorrow? Circuit Bryn joins? Start tomorrow.
Dan: I bet if I join you, start tomorrow, someone'll give us 10 million dollar check
Dan: without any traction, product.
Dan: right or vision.
Dan: If you have enough people, if you have at least someone who's like, who's accomplished those things. Second founder. But it could be a fail startup. By the way, does that be successful? Startup?
Dan: But if they get enough recognition.
Dan: then you could skip the other 2 steps.
Dan: I just think that most people don't join textors if they have that
Dan: because they could, just
Dan: they already have the connection. They already have everything.
Dan: Once in a while you get lucky, and you know they're they just like some reason, join text, or I have seen it
Dan: on a rare occasion.
Dan: There's one guy that was a celebrity that joined, and
Dan: within like a week get a couple of 1 million revenue. We're doing almost nothing. And I was like, okay, I don't know why you're giving away 7% of your company
Dan: for this. So it does happen a really rare occasion.
Dan: But it's rare. It's really rare.
Chloe Lannert: Hey, Dan? Thank you so much. Unfortunately, I'm going to be the one to shut it down. I have another call. Are you okay with me, sharing your email with founders to follow up with personal questions.
Dan: Sure. Sure. Sure you can share. I don't know. If you have my deck you can. I'll share the deck.
Chloe Lannert: I don't agree. Would you be able to send that over.
Dan: You has Diane to do it?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, absolutely.
Chloe Lannert: Sounds. Good.
Dan: I hope this is helpful, guys. If it's not sorry. Also sorry if I funded a bunch of people
Dan: the goal of this is to voca motion. So you guys can make change and make the right change.
Dan: And
Dan: I'd rather, you guys say, screw this guy
Dan: and actually make an impact in your company versus say, like, Oh, I'm neutral about this. This is very, this is okay.
Dan: Yeah.
Kelvin Alaneme: Thank you so much, and it was very helpful.